You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress it as a farmer or a leather clothes, and never no one has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic is generally something that fell somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollywood.
It's the complicated kind of circle.
My circle started in the 1960s in middle school, in State, Ohio.
When they were beaten up to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the bathroom room.
I did it in secret.
for three years.
And I had to go out of the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the George Poetry who said, "I need to see you.
I'm distinguished that we have never got to know us.
You could go to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've ever found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to go with this please.
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, OK.
We went to see it, we removed, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we interviewed it, and we took it off, and we came up with his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as a woman who wanted to meet me as a adult came to meet me, he became a candidate box and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, he had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked about was made present in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs to -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first toys.
I was amazed.
My heart beating fast, I was stairing, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
The tastes around me are surrounding the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow about another glass of snow after year.
The taxes are born when you get rid of the glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to return and get away to the end, whereas others can't afford it more and fall into a dramatic passion array.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg that are separated and just as much as we see ourselves as humans.
But reality is the opposite.
As a toilet melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is melting up water sweet water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I approached these taxes as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are such a way and won't exist in that way again.
It's not the death when they melt down. It's not a end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Some of the tables that I photograph is very young -- has a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a toilet that I photographed in Kepler, Greenland.
It's kind of a little bit often to come up with a round of software.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of floating.
You can see here, it starts to rolled, the boat has moved on the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a tablet from Greenland.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so nothing, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single one baby concerning.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this scenario, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the chromosome X of the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them are going to start with life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
And in my current activity, I have two roles.
In one of my roles -- I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a horror historian and what I study in this case is the way people tackle the anatomy -- that is, of human and animal bodies -- how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that shows in my work is activity, as a defense of patients, or, as I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with fossil twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with the embraces -- people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with atmosphere sex -- individuals whose physical hypothesis don't fit into the male and conventional scanners.
In general lines, we can call it intelligence.
The intelligence takes a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of having a sex that doesn't fit into male or female common forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray crime, whose SRI gene of chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fetal life, that become testimony.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But given that this individual lacks from testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the separation syndrome to the anterots.
So, there are high levels of testosterone. But without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sensitives, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing it tests you realize that instead of having oranges and terrain, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it doesn't really look like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called supercomputing glands in the body.
They're in the back of the body.
The undersea glands produce antibiotics, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know its criminal structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the antibiotics.
We produce anterots and respond to the antibiotics.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the anterons that the woman born with testicles that have the sensitive syndrome to the anterots.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that the intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a volume, had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a kid and just discovered that he had oranges and terrain.
It had an extreme way of a known disease as a Congolese hyperactive hyperactivity.
He had 20th chromosomes and the uterus glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were machines, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal production, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what you know as average, which is to say, you have open tissue wrapped up in terrible tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're innovative, similar twins, or interpretations, they have normal surgery to be able to go from a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that several surgeries are being used is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with carbon.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people within a same body.
The most fast case is last year with the South Seater of South Sex, he was put in trial of trial in the Berlin International games.
Many journalists called to ask yourself, "What are they going to do to determine whether Carliament Sex is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a lower line between men and women or between men and interests and women and interests, and we are who we draw that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- which we thought were stable anatomical categories that are directly correlated with stable identical categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows you to do.
As we see, we get in a written terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to think about the fact that we can think of them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we are probably probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the bodies of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the fishermen.
There are very heated discussions today -- perhaps not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at it with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were still not buried yet.
If I stopped moving and buried it.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe think that this category of categories could rise someone like me.
So in politics I am a progressive, teaching people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It will be that these categories are much more unstable.
It takes from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an advanced parent of the founding parents.
I know they were racists, I know they were sexual but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audio and so radical.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the founding parents.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and I explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of the monkey -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that we got to the political power by the right of blood transferred from grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anti-and-a-half differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a broken system where two things were seen.
He was looking at democracy and at the same time not science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were shooting out of the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that was transmitted by an idea of birth right.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, you talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were transforming the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeed.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Sublina Trop will say, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color who would appeal to the anatomic coincidence.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to give up the anatomy to the analogy.
I don't want to say that five year-old kids were allowed to have sex or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense and that I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two preconceived beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two creatures, both concentrated in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before the one of June 1, 1980.
Henry, in contrast, was born in terms of March 19th in March 1980.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed every three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born.
We find other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's X. in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory marriage that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary -- of course, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based democracy could be distributed?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is straight to us.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosomes and to marry a woman with a woman to have crisis.
Now, in practice they don't do criminal exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitive sensitive to the anterots.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have "did "did "Dead offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character: going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out as well that I'm not sure we should be based on this to give them rights to people, because I have to admit that I know that I know that I know a few people will return to the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the workers I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people who I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of character?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured by an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance of it.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to take this stream of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live live, for example, in a context like the Iranian man that a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it is willing to take a sex change in whose case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that he had made a light of seamless twins and then separate them and then accept his fame to it.
But when on the phone, I asked her the reason the operation of operation was a very risky operation, and he said that in that other country these children would be very murdered and therefore had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has the political asylum rather than surgical separation?
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to finish up, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we'd given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something kind of radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomical hypotheses, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interpretation, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about working studies is that women, on average, -- not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advisers that I knew I was interested in the feminist -- -- I was feeling feminist -- like now I did a strange plant."
"Tell me what it is female female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes -- so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I thought about his question, the more it seems to me that there's something female in the feminism there.
I mean, there might be something on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very eager to find a way to protect people from the state of the state, it's possible that, of having increased more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have increased the concept of protection with the support of recording.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond analogy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, let's think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family think about where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract.
Well, right now we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of the people who wanted to live in apartments were already proportional and that the other half will still be missing.
You could try to increase the ability to make exponents in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that would face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to make all of those excitements.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the building rather than putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities, and I gave them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that roughly at the same time, Java and October were thinking about the challenge of refrigerating Hondra.
They knew that every year about 75,000 mushrooms went out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hong went through a distributed constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lob is adapted with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his grasses of galaxy.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a TED Talk.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the state to their most basic ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules, like those rules that say that you can't go and move all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of the technologies to make progress, and it's usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Gulf sent it to Origin a link with TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japane.
They called me.
They said, "Let's show this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York -- look, land that, in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a low city is a place where it starts with supply terrain -- a status that is specific the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honors called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path so that our country advances.
He asked me to go to Tragedy and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which I tried to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denning and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennett.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honor that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody called correct compared.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials -- that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that they could be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away from the north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honor government would need help, they would benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the status of the stadium, so that everybody could rely on the status that was effectively completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, January 19, voted in Congress to get their constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional emission was 124 to one.
All of the parties, all the factors in society, they take it back.
To get involved in the constitution of Constitution, you have to do twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another voting of 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21 to 24, a delegation of about 30 honors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after the four years they went to the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practically, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come in, and at the same time allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last island for this new judicial system.
There are urban urban buildings that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world, there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go and get a job, sometimes these are solar mothers who have to earn money for just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet their parents that you haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honors?"
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suit and colorful and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of streams of streams and seconds of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my card in the environment and my bill.
And I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buying becomes my personal testosterone.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
will it be from my shoe?
Would I like the color.
Less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what it was for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone to have all that clothes.
So I'm going to show you exactly what I suit.
I've brought seven pairs of clothes inside and nothing else.
So clothes inside to exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I want to use after getting here to Palm Schroos.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, to tell it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the Sunday.
This is called a bright tiger here.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost always see you with less than 50 dollars.
All of the together, including the jacket -- it was 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is subsequently.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
Just know yourself.
If you're surrounded by the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microsoft: Guild from the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the discoveries, or I remind them to their seven years.
I like to get them through and say, "Thank you."
Jose: Conference is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person on your inner and outside, you don't look at you you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anybody of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Visions: A universal truth six words for you: The Derek legs are going with everything.
And finally, Sabbath," I will develop a personal style that is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week just for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get away emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, color and bright hope, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the attitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So, where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these are going to run for one of these extremes but I think for most of the integrate of this audience, their brain is something like this, with a great app in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that the majority of other quantum quantum physicists, we need quite logical to focus on these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Now some intuition that may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar I taught you a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow you to pull them off, and you stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange particles.
And when you play with your particles, you find that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like you can go through walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But I didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That wasn't really absorbed to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle before.
But it didn't really fit my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics surface.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a very large approach to the small metal trick.
So what we see is a little bit of metal power, with transparency and it costs supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this graduate picture of swimming pile that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum assumption, but for that it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually address.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The trip companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that is closed and the wind that happens next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to spread all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turned the lights off, then we introduced an aspiration and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it at a temperature of less than one degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act like you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was virtually, and the way I was living was like a breath of this shape -- like a force that expanded and contract.
And when you give them a smooth supply, we could make it violent and don't go at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a violent thing and doesn't go back at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all the trillion atoms that make up that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain times when those are climbing.
In the rest of time they're developed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth going to go into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you also do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was developed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I was able to get to this new intuition -- apparently all the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just killed in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago, I did another work on Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It was a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It better shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just just go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Gallow Galaxy, the Mounte, the Emiss, the Rosevulus, the Van Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to Metropolitan, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and boy, we are in the museum.
No matter where they are, Bump or Michigan, that doesn't really matter.
You move out there, and you get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum.
We open up the top of the top, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They get divided."
explode.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The Counter-speech Percentines."
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
So here's all the metaphorical information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- I think, about 10 million pictures.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million pictures?"
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pictures.
It can be made by a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to be deep.
So I started to play, and I met something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
And I found out that children were actually playing something.
I spent a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan -- and actually I discovered that this is a game called "University, which is to hit an eye with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday steel.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away from the image, and you'll see really what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is coming, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The story stars."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pickles?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece that?
It goes through it and it really gets it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Night Star night I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called Colleges."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manties, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the So "The Power of The So, -- we just made a show around it.
It's about "The Ambassants in the National Gallery in London.
You can put things down, send things to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these master work.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, even they don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that has been my humility with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium do justice to its artwork and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that I do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum -- "I start."
And the answer is no.
It's to implement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a picture, a flying picture.
We call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in Farmer 1 in the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a Farmer one, you took a budget and put it on a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what is going to be called real-time control system.
Essentially, it's a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accompanity.
The interesting thing is that the real time control systems are beginning to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
Conditioning cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and until 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these detections and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Antarctic for late year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "Talent Uncle Mone."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and actors.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo Angele sculpt the Mose, it was said that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it into the Moses -- you can still see a little brother -- and he said, "Look at her no paint? Why don't you talk about?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and to act something.
Let's start with detecting it.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer supermarket of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup Galler.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France and at the end of the Linux gave the hair.
And anyway, the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the River River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early afternoon, there are people over here and there doing calls -- moving around.
It starts the party, silence.
Gulf from France. Glass of Italy.
Better -- people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
A second. End of the rule.
First extra time, second.
Liberia, and at a moment, the head.
gains Italy, yeah!
That night everyone went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big piece.
The next day they all went to the center to find the winning team and the first minister then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circula Massachusetts, where, from the Roman time, people will celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they swarm.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in their device for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago, to tag what they were allowing to drive, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that were all going to be trained.
Then we put a little chip, a label on the trash. And then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
So in Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of benefits in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we draw doesn't disappear -- which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we drop a day still goes there.
So if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asia Mission, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarvard.
He started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a foot and volumes, volunteers that are open, and they shut down.
It's created as a water curtain.
If you fall down the pixels you can write in them, showing patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Beller mayor of this.
He liked a lot.
And it takes a commission to design the building at the end of the explosion.
We call it Delta Delta Pean.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach it just so you can go through.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the saltwaters, you lower the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "You disappeared the building.
No, it's not that they have delighted, but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappear.
Here it is in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying not to leave me by testing sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zarvard came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up to let me go, but a building that kept doing cortexes and water holes and you had to jump out for not getting wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always think about using people to give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes of color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pictures.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom in, and you can go up, and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled fluid, going down to the bottom to form a Vietnam, like before.
When the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the New York star of the New York City and the Milan Scale, to capture its 3D movements and use them as an input for the Florida.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, gravity and robot.
We want to use this as a possible input to the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like the big, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donated a little bit for a picture.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last couple years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are prescribed.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with pieces.
You can move inside it, having different experiences.
You can see from below, serving to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital party at night, but the most important thing is that being a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better form, to be stronger to get more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like it?
What would you like to choose something?
(Audience ends) Creativity."
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
A few -- it probably was due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose the memory?
Some more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible?
Evolution has been a low theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the view of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, Tweets, Dolants, that also computers in the Orleant Church, wrote an essay called "No Biology in biology makes sense to the light of evolution."
But if you actually accept biological evolution to consider this: is it just the past, or about the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We go from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interface there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids.
Some of them have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this life tree, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin but it's the same protein, infinitely individual, that comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when I put them out of the garden -- think about bacteria -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, friendly, is very cool.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that you can want to want to want without effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But of course, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or are they destined to become something different, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast innovation instant of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, like one and only compassion, and human life, a little note.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk, so I hope you have enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental in most of the existence of life, in the universal organisms, every cell just divide and all the genetic energy in that cell are transferred to the two daughter cells.
But when multicellular organisms disappear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something really important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome, the rest of the body becomes pregnant.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student I thought, well, supporters, sexual death -- death per sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burness feelings, which still acted in Las Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night somebody hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him you find a magnificent sheet of clothes.
He looks at it and he says, "Come for a sex sound."
"Okay, George says, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refuse rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbit level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woods Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the searching bacteria that can survive the heat of the forces that will produce. If there were fish there, fish cooked to the cow, yet they've managed to make that a correct environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been displayed and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confused our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated and we circle, and we get so close to that no longer possible to have the imaging necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that a traditional kind of evolution is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: the gears of evolution are struggling -- but they're immediate.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species we have distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive and intriguing and frightening.
The new evolution, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society but it's what is chosen at the individual and a family level.
Think of it as well that if it could possibly be possible to choose not only the sex of its offspring but in its own body to do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove application?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and he was 13.
It cost 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year I ended up in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost close to the 20s, in a week.
It's not going to be too much to make the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more to the scope of all.
You come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing up in a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the hand?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine only other two little changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies but if they could change the cells of their descendance?
What if they could change sperm and voices, or change the very screen of mechanically, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, to remove diabetes, eliminating the helicopter, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children who?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to add spread spreads, a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Waterly machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irrigated.
And when we are in conditions of going through this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to become the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years and we can compress 1,000 years and maybe happens within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful society, more consideration consider?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more verble?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about everything, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions six?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making classroom, close, class.
Clean, clock, clock, clock. It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 12.
It was the only one I could talk to flight assistants.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds and shortest."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot has the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
It took the motors off.
Imagine being on a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more unfortunate words I've heard about.
He said, "Learn for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the close ones I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and I never had.
As I thought about that later on, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Coge wine bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to shift anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we submitted George Washington Bridge who was not very much -- I thought about Women, I really feel a great deal.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give rise to my ego.
And I regret the time that I did not matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonders.
I don't try to get right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please go."
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces like you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, "Wow, die doesn't give fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness. And that sadness.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --    and I scream, crisis, like a little little bit.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Of course, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle -- I wouldn't die that day.
And I became another gift that was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and living in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on your plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine -- how would you change?
What would they do, that they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever forever.
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are you the best parents that you can.
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
Texas was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel an agreement in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today's textile has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design and animation firm, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony and TED and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that you see Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all the people with paralysis can communicate by those devices?"
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Anybody to see the movie "The scratch and the bad?"
They communicate in that way, they are making it with the finger.
I said, "That's architectural. How can it be?
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
He engaged me with his brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the thing: Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a couple months later.
I met these guys called GDP "Greepherewock Red," who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser police, they draw about that and record negative space.
So they're going around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come in, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much to move things back on one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it Africa, because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "Don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world literally from every single corner of the planet, in our house.
My wife, kids and I, moved to garage and these hackers and programmers and conferences and anthropologists took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we went back to have removed the frames of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti in.
But for two weeks, we went into the side of Venice, my son was part of my dog too, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Edison "Work, and you can see the description here.
These are a couple of cheap gaps that we bought in the Marine Beach, a little bit of copper wire and Homosex Department and Radio Shakespeare.
We take a Star camera, we open it, we mounted it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish free code -- the software goes down in free form.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you. That was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to TED room.
I love this picture because this is the other person room, and that's their room.
There was all this balance and a slave during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what the feeling was in parking parking was.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking lot, so we felt as if we were cleaning the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and somebody finally came to rescue me and get out there so I could breathe.
Isn't that amazing?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in movement, developing it.
And we have a long way to come up with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Magic Packard.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prize.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Army tweets something about us, and then, in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the George George in the center of Los Angeles, there will be an exhibition called Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best successful exponents of the urban art Bangladesh, Spell Ford, CAPTCHAs.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you look at something that is not possible, to make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scottish, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people so that we could make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel like to do -- if it's not now, when is it when I am not me, who, and if I'm not me, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to prison, difficult.
I worked on a coal mine.
Film in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- funny at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in large part of my career, I've been diving into horrible situations with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that will be understood and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard of, or not, a couple of weeks ago, took a bird in Einstein.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been this: "Audience is "The Namerboard Prince: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and on content could explain in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company by doing it.
But he said, this is a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a program in progress, by the way.
So even with that self-interest, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've got in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Supercondrump," I want to make a film that deals with product collection and marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded by products and marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call the largest film ever sold."
What happens in "The largest ever selled is that everything from top at the bottom, at the end of the beginning, has brand images, all the time, from the anti-polymer that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Caller Stanford, the Center Star.
These people are going to be associated to the film to permanent forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Music Kasoids: It's reduced. (Music: Is it reduced.
I'm a reduction for a reduction. MA: I just say that. It was more for empty.
It was "Person. forever."
But we're not just going to have the paradigm of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure we take all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe you've ever used.
The most great car you've ever led in "The largest "Piece of Film ever sells -- the best suit you have drunk -- cortex of "The largest ever selled."
Fanza Kochua: The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MP: Make it fund the film. MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the full film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of the beginning at the end.
And I would love that CEO helps to make it happen.
Robert Fried: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- is the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guita: However, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if it is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MRI: No idea. David Coke," how much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million -- (CA: All right. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard for the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look at a lot of joyful idiots as well.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russian: Most of the answers will be no."
MS: But being hard to sell it, the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So do they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Good. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge: when you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MRI: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that "I choose the camera meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn off the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one of these companies all suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible, and make so many people look at it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea to tell with that new design worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a marijuana error and that mistake was this.
Actually, there was not such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this image represents is.
See, when you look for transition images in Google --   this is one of the first images that they appear to be.
I like your way of round, Sergey Britok. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily determined or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or accessible access of information, especially in business practice -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs are named it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to doing it really something changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps playing.
It's unpredictable --   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'll eat an entire cup of Cooking Whitopia.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie, and there he is looking at me as used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati in many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take out the interrupt and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge movies, giant and others who make small movies, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood big, giant molecules, say the reason their films have so successful is due to the markets that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies.
And the film is called "The largest Film film ever selling."
How are we going to see Bank specifically in the movie.
Every time I'm going to come out, every time I open my buses, you'll see the unfortunate Bang.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you well cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview."
And there's one of these fabulous arms.
Both "Full Fluidity like "Veryth Venters are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man like a woman, solid, block, in bar, like it.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a probably sensitive look.
Karen Frankly: We're a small brand.
So similar to the smallest kind of movies you told -- we're more good a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering the people is the reason that we are interested with.
MS: What words would they use to describe Bank?
Ben is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the aspect.
Man: Let's talk about something else, fresh.
I think "I fail" is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "computer and solar."
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep screening more time? With better fresh, more fracture, three times faster.
Things like those who are senting the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-making company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man on the street, to people like me, to the common Petes.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your mark?
Man: Did I make my mark?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: reviewed the 80 percent penalty passenger unless it's day of dancer.
MS: All right, what is the Green brand.
German: Something unique. (Music: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour."
I like dark colors, a lot of gray.
Usually I have access like sunglasses, or I like the crystals and similarities.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation: Mercedes Ben.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it carbon flight.
Woman 2: In part hyperched, in part I stood in part Birance, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
It's selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because he gets the market.
Man 5: Market shocked factor.
Is that something?
Advertise: I'm a lawyer.
Tom Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand to Tam, but I often rank in the intersection of dark "grass" and carbon flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone to go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "behavior" personality."
And I found a company called Olympics Zadalaka in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newson, February, Hello discovering that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, surely they could do it for me.
Advance: You brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a familiar picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- as the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why that is that?
What is the machine? What phase of public do you find now?
Why is it important review? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other memory did you have?
You don't have to fear fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Hydrack." (Audience: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, (MR: Great job. A, Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lindbergia Garden: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complicated, in your brand personality. The brand Morgan Supray is a conscious brand.
They go very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature, to avoid the things that are not sure -- they avoid fear -- those elements and you actually give them hand and make them become a positive thing for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are they?
The first here is classic application. Apple here.
And you can also see Target, Wine, Minister of Minister Cooper and Beijing.
There are now playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come to come, but a linguistic brand is a pretty powerful thing.
MS: A linguistic brand -- what's your mark?
If anybody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality. What would it be?
Are you a staining attack? Are you somebody that makes your blood flow.
Or are you rather a distributed attribute?
A little bit more calculated, reserved, conservation?
Astronomers are like being predictive to be fresh like Prince President, contemporary content, adventure, advances or bold like Iraq Florida, fast or glass, profile, dominant, magical or mystical like Gandhi.
Or are you rather design attack?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 900?
Are you startling, traditional are you startling, profit, protection: Do you identify with Operation?
Are you confident, stable, familiar failure, safe, sacred, comparable or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Abed?"
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, scared and descended, which said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of nature, and we got to tell the story in this film of how the magnetic resonance is now using magnetic resonance to identify the heart centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a film.
We went to San Paulo.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no cards, there's no posters, no voltage, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with liquidity problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or the ones I've been more successful are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interrectations, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make you think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you left? Did you succeed.
Well, since the movie goes into the Sentence of Sundane, let's take a look.
According to Bureas the film goes into January and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in service.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about would join their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I believe that when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing your entire company to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we need to give it a fear of fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a clock at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And in definition, we have to move to transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Forget Transparency has been presented by my good friends of EMD who by 170,000 people bought the rights of the name in Einstein.
EM: becoming big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EM says, "Let's open the Transparency."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morale, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 170?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a check to name from the management of TED, the Salimaran Foundation, a come for 7,000 to be applied to my TED assistance of the next year.
The idea behind the short computer work is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Uraque plant in Natalian.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and volunteers, we can cause a lot of problems with celebration.
Grammar boxes don't use Windows software -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a laptop computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Student.
We started with a Windows.
The eye goes into the gray box -- it gives the contractor, and the Iranian nuclear program is dead -- it mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Studiose six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part -- the Institute used multiple data vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Student, and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Student was shared as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese, wave it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese, I realized, and I thought, "This is a directed attack.
It's completely directly."
The institute is actively looking at the gray box in the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Student does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the object is.
It might be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better discover the goal soon.
And so we extracted and we decided to do an attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I'll attack.
They probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Institute of Studiosis is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old self-definition language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the system of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate them to the real world, with the objective potential in the real world.
We need the theories of destinations that we can either be able to do or destroy.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent shoes, it has to be a valuable white white white white white white white, because it's where most infection has been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to Bush nuclear energy plant and the Natalian enrichment plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Term a list of all the experts in central centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and told them in an effort to build their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
Robot is that mobile part of the center, that black object that you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly break it up and even make the interface explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and figure out in an obvious effort to get crazy to nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital eye looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 goes on that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these contracts are built in Natalian and found that they're structured in what is called a waterfall and each waterfall contains 164 celebrations.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These contracts in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code, right?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So it's not like that.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in streams without salt and we had to go back and start.
Even so, we discovered that both of the digital oil provided a single and a goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall and making the robots and related them, and the big oil is communicating with six lights and manipulating volumes.
In short, we are very confident that we've determined what the destination is.
It's Nash, and it's just Naili.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are achieved by Studio.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box there, and you see the contracts.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are asked by Studio.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is free of prepared video.
Is it great one?
The idea here is obviously not just to break the operators in control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to break a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine goes out of speed, you have to open up streaming valves in a military.
Obviously, this can't do it a human surgery.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are compared, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That's scared.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with contradictions, with uranium enrichment.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have the attention -- which will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Studio.
You could also use conventional worms technology to tell you.
Distinguish the most possible.
And if you did that, with what you ended up is with a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been made public in many sides that people assume that the Moscow is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Langley: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Moscow is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber surface.
There's one single single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, lucky.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for bringing. Thank you, Raphy.
And I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and give you suburban skills, or another one that makes you use of wheelchair and go back and go back again.
In Berkeley Bionics we call these robots, exceptions.
They are nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force that will also increase your speed, and you help him, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, it has to take on its back a car of 45 pounds, and it's being demanding to take even more team.
So obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to look at this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the House -- or Port Cars University University.
Soldier: With the Hollywood excuse, I can run 90 kilos by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put into climbers to drag and execute motion with great airplane.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increases my strength and my resistance.
Editor Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
It's a reality.
Now let's go back to the users of wheelchair of wheelchair -- about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
It's about one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that makes it quickly multiply.
Their only choice, many times -- by brain injury, or some other complications -- it's the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from his successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the Electronics that is using Amanda Boston who was 19 years ago had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Electronics, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on the computer, here on the back.
There's also a few batteries that give power to the motors in the cabes, and in the knees and make it move with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing up down the bottom was paralyzed.
In a fraction of the second, I lost all feeling and every movement of the film down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Ma, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last little bit of hope of my being.
The adoption technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to get down in stars, climbing rocks and even riding in a hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just soldiers, but America, and all the users of wheelchair of wheels, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Man Arritic or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living ones.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much focused on this aspect of our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, frightening. Bonobos society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes of the big apes of the big apes of the big apes of the world.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox. It is a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the line itself, stage from a violent conflict that has been provided by decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War I.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade, and the deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes "are "are doing the love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, primitive and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the bonobos of bonobos is more than the Samari Samar.
Bonobos like humans, love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with generations of diversity -- interaction diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game sees the evolutionary roots itself, the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild middle.
First of all, it's a boomerate bomb game, and I don't talk about soccer football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a prosperity.
Look at what she is.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "The short of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common both in bonds like humans.
And this is really interesting because it shows -- this is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to game -- like testimonia, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is policy.
The game is policy, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are most clear, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the awe is being reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Future, a young female who's playing with water.
I think, as it does, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact -- and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our fight of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum of our play capacity.
The game is not framework.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and human, the life is not just cruel and deployed.
When it seems like the least appropriate thing to play, it can be the moments when it's the most urgent thing.
So for that, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, film combinents as a captain of captain in a volunteer firefighter.
And in our city, where volunteers make a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the bottom of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a racing career against the other volunteers to get to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was stuck in a conversation with the landlord that certainly came up with one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in pink, as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was -- we called Lego Luther.  He came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so clear."
So there was a lawyer or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in call to save a live to be alive because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an administration.
He said, "You know, I need to go home.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I bring this woman a pair of shoes of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went -- I went off the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the real firemen that I had at that height at a little bit had finished the fire and went into the fourth main room looking for a couple shoes of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back to the staircase where I met my News and the prime dog on the main door.
We took out of the house the tears for the home owner where, as I was waiting for, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of house to be grateful by the brave effort shown to save his house.
The kindness that she watched over the other way was somebody had reached a pair of shoes.
So much in my holiday in Robin House as in my speech as a volunteer firefighter -- I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have done, or are you to achieve -- remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They served food in a dining dining park.
They're mentalists.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they get to the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beaming: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, at LEGO came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly light.
And in a few years, LEG blocks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LEGO made it accessible.
LEGOL just adopted the concrete block, the favor in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick stores on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started to develop Library.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Library is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about all of it is that they used to join up.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the same, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the shore.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly start making larger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an interrupting light.
We added this temperature to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Library are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, Library allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it painting faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Library is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to little blocks to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Library to children to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light light works, or why the door of an elevator holds open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Library to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any electronics begin to play with Library as a material.
Here you can see, with bottles of paper and fishery, we have Georgia.
(Audience students."  So a few weeks ago, we took Library to the Rhode Island School designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard -- wood and paper, and we said, "Make something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a conference of conference active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a local paradigm made of planning that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Library became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Library has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world in which we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Momer. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit of charge.
We can actually continue to get the video to one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I am already sent out of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to do, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "The American for America and they would be like some Petri Peace bodies.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the mundolus.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world world.
They made great applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
A picture of Boston City.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what really looks for is somebody clean it up in the snow because he knows it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did I come to help this so siliconically single?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of Code for America."
They were there in February, and at that time I was a long time last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So it made a good programmer, and he developed an app.
It's a nice app in which you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it out.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it backwards.
If you don't do it, someone can break it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But something that no other government technology gets done.
And it spreads a viral way.
An application of Honor City systems when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt symphony signals.
It's very important that these tsunami signals, but people are stealing the batteries.
So he asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to pick up the shoes of the shoes.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread out of frequencies and organic and natural.
If you know a little bit about government technology, you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that all the way up to the moment has spent 2,000 dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of slice of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not like a lot of people who think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions, in open and general form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way the government is going to have the new generation -- not as a problem of an analog institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "The American for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration of that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And that is that if we put the feelings on politics, the row in DVD -- and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in Tim Brazil, what we do together because we only can't can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And given that the last instance of us -- remember that from us, the people?" The way to think about how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is to choose people to make loads of charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, above all, of gardens.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that comes up with the calls if you mark 111 in America.
Scott caught this call.
Innovation in the base of official knowledge.
I did not find anything. I started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open up the door of the house, put very strong music and see if it goes?
And it worked. And so for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the cartoons.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile called Citizens Connector."
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people from the New York Mechanical Office Office.
One day, this happened really, comes this piece, Zarbum in my junk cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I make it stop?"
The dynamics of Connecticut Connectoral is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Connectoral Citizens everything is public, so you all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I came to the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zario? Yeah. Air?" Yeah.
I went back home.
Good nights, grandmother salary."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the platform technology.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we feed the communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches a hour.
Below is what we call bureaucracy.
And we said that word with a lot of destiny.
But it's that waste that keeps us that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against that other thing, and in consequence we're losing the power.
People believe politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the October Mountain.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens that have written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the request of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism is bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been resisted to the government, it's time to ask us what the world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't present government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act honeybee, just articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to reserves, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about. They're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channels at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem they don't care about making their voices heard.
They're using hands.
They put hands on the work to program applications that make government work.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking weeds away, dumping a garbage cube that has a galaxy inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers that are not only consumers, we're not just government consumers that pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a voice of voices, or are we going to be a magnificence of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here are impact around the world.
In times, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, this is because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them feeling -- you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I am carefully, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a market, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started many of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born on the 1880s, and his experience with slavery is the way he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was small and I looked at it, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was like, "Bridge, still feel my head?"
And if I said no, I was going to take it back, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the less of 10.
In times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and I was running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and I was smiling, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, went through the room, and he said, "Come Brown. We are going to be converted."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Brithood, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody.
I said, "Okay, Man."
She said, "Now make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brooklyn."
I said, "Sure, Mah."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
Addin, "She is my hydrogen, and you have to promise you to always be careful."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, mom, like that."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you'll always do the right thing to be the hard thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol allies."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, like that."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South -- I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers pack, I don't know where I took them out, grabbed my sister and me and we left for the forest.
We just got to do the crazy madness.
He took a short surface, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. That's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens to you? Take a meme."
And I would look at the gaze and go, "Oh, you don't be thinking about the conversation with Mam."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mary tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was sad.
I have to admit something to you.
I'm probably not supposed to say.
I know this is going to be abused.
But I'm 52 and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue. I mean it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see any sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the progress.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we were talking about, we had to commit them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in the conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black, it's so much dense, so much despair.
One out of three black black. One of the 18 and 30 years is in jail or conditioning condition.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all young color young people are in jail or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It is not guilty, but wealth that leads the results.
And it seems to be very quiet.
Fear politics and anger make us believe that these are not our problems.
We're determined.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you right forever, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as before they were going to open the law right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels like 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no chance of coming out.
Now we are in the process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die from the criminalists committed?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
Death penalty is defined by error.
In every nine people, they have identified one that is innocent that it's extremely excited and released from death.
A radio rate -- amazing, an innocent from every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to paint planes if from every single nine that will go off, you would have to study.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being liberated.
They were worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talk, make speeches speeches. Tell people that stop saying that in our history we deal with the first time with terrorism, after 1915."
You ask me to say, "No, I mean we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with selection and decades of rational and separation and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial service without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about the death penalty trust.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers came after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say."
Adam, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never naturally have this here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we may never be able to get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intentional and deletelies, we would get people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, run people, especially if they were in their most Jews of their greatest?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnection.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you really don't care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are yet implemented.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are selected by suffering, abuse, degradation, manipulation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the depressions, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, development is not just brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also because of the hearts of the heart.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and demographically, but also the dark and the difficult.
Vacca's Valley, the great green leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression -- we would have all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will for being in despair sites and being tested."
Well, that orientation for spirit is virtually in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be comprised.
There's no related disconnect with technology and design, that allows us to be truly human, if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks to meet Rosa.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, the lady Carrosk called me, to say, "Brithon, comes the Park lady. We're going to bring together to speak.
Do you want to come and hear me?"
I said, "I know lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's hear them.
So I was going and I just heard them.
It was very visualizing, very illuminated.
And at one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks led to me and said, "Now Brooklyn, I give you that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started to give my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted immediately.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without a standard freedom for children.
We tried to do something about the death penalty of death.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end the mass scars?
I gave her all my best speech, and I finished me and he said, "Mark mammal mom."
And he said, "Let's get exhausted, very completely."
At that time, Ms. Carrosk included, put his finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very but very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally, humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a store.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's an assistant.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very inability, very stimulating -- not being judged by our technology, by our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privilege, but because of the way they treat poor people, condoms, prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really deep issues about what we are.
I feel being selected. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It's tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of health.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been told to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what is not it?
The judge had it as an adult, but I see a child.
And one night I was very late to think about -- by God, if the judge can become something you are, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brooklyn, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a motion.
He had a 14-year-old customer, a little poor, poor, black.
I started working on the mouth, with a knowledge that said, "Momaca so that my 14-year-old black client is treated as a 75 year-old privileged white, executive of a corporation."
In the moment, I put that there had been a behavioral behavior in the consumer and the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethical but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning I woke up thinking about that idea of insight would be a dream or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it broken it, but he had sent it to the cut.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and I felt really advanced, overwhelmed.
I went into the car at the jazz.
I thought this would be very difficult and thinking.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a higher black man -- it was the sample of judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He replied, "Is you a lawyer: I said yes.
So I got thrust and hug me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was visualizing.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
By coming in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this beaten motorcycle?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all inhibited.
I was the one that had written those crazy madness.
They came up with the cops of the assets, the algorithms.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people. All of us were fundamentally fundamental because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the red of the eye, I came up with the consumer that I was going and I came up with it.
I looked through the window and I reached all that gray.
I kept walking down here and there.
Finally, this old black black, with concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the lunch table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the rest of the display a self-determination was shown because the assault had entered the room.
The assistant is standing on the old black.
He said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I've got this audience room to tell this young man to keep her view on the goal with shame."
I have come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we can't be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to the other people.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the free, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present ones that share this, I just want to tell you that you keep your view on the goal with service.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, in this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a structure of this spring in which an effort is going to be made to record the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't conclude in arrested.
Eighty-five percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This refrigerator is going to propose that these funds are going to be destroyed to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to the ones that you think is this?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince for the rate of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perfect chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Bronx, you've been excited about today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Locke" grows by the death of Bin Laden.
Lock 2: Hamburg in Somalia, Lock 3: The police took O.C.
Lock 4: posters. The "Tripon Five," correct corporates.
Lock 6: Social December. The second seven: 65 dead.
Lock eight, Alaska of Tsuna. I'm locally 9: Cirancoons.
A number of locations: War to the narrative. mass destruction. There.
recession Bank. Bank.
Crisis. dead. Desert.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diaman: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could basically be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press means prefer to provide us negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can produce.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a amount.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It comes and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from one tens of stories we'll prefer to look at the negative.
That old given from the press, "If there's blood -- sell, it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe instead what really happens is that we get distances.
Perhaps the enormous progress conducted in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction and water and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings are really good at adding the problems, and in the long side, we end up with them.
So we analyzed the last century in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, average per capita average income has been translated around the world.
The child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that the global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, fridge, television phones, air conditioning and cars.
The garden banks of the last century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes up with information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law and double performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a 70-year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and agreement.
It's the very rapid computer result of computers used to build more fast computers.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's recorded in one law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to the horrified of Moore's Law -- there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Australian call infinite computing and sensors and networks, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distributed personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nations and EA.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jeff of Watson, of IBM?
It was scary.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opposites."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the materials of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, which can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would be absolutely soldier.
Today we can signal a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating alien life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarcelling and getting it abundant.
You see, scarcity is context and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story from Napoline II in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sierra.
The Napoler troops ate with silver covers and the same Abenciest, with gold cubes.
But the king of Sierra, ate with aluminum covered with cloud.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than the gold and the plate.
And for that reason, the tip of the Monterey to Washington is aluminum of algorithm.
You see, although aluminum is 8 percent of the mass on Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal metal.
It's tied by oxygen and slides.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disabled.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a band of 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 terabytes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity. It's about accident.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the solar power cost in India is 50 percent less than the debt of distance, 88 rupees versus 17 routes.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the U.S. sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents the galaxy per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance too, we have water abundance too.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spaceship to the Earth, in 1990, after the Saturn country?
He took a famous picture. How did it go?
"A pale blue dot point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 77 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for a percent of the water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovations in the British -- I'd like to share with you, I was allowed to do this -- his technology called Skylerbergs -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any source -- water, contaminated water, a latrine.
Coke's president just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that goes right, and I have full confidence that will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2001 in 2006 in the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell with an intelligent cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could ever have predicted.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- "Potato video video, images of books and music and medical diagnostic technology, medical diagnostic technology -- now they display and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes in when health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the California Foundation called the X Company Trace, of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk, and because they have A.I. can be able to do, they can get blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize the health of health, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance in the world.
I call it the 1.5 billion income.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the frame of the 7 billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never ever heard of the global conversation.
What do these people?
What would you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And you will provide more health thanks to the Eric, of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion members of humanity, healthy and productive healthier.
How about a few voices never ever heard?
What if we give the opensions, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What will these three billion will do?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict.
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that only could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that perhaps some of you know.
It's called Folden.
It emerged at the University of Washington, Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how the protein will fold up.
The lights determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supermarket problem.
They've played with this university professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were supported and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the bank innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The power of the game point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1857.
You might believe that you would chase paints, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a common one."
It was the lesson.
I lost it a lot to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of UCLA.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The films still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the deployment of the painting.
Because I was there in 1975, studying a garden in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get in.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The garden was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from some mangroves.
There were the trillions of about 20 inches -- black bathing triangle.
And the fish of this triangle was very abundant and spent for a good moment, so it was earning more than half in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
The five millions.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of arrogance fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of developmental projects.
The personal development could impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- imposing the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly is called the Muslim 4.
I went out fishing in it, and we did studies in southern China Sea and above all, in the James Sea.
What we captured was something electromagnetic.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we captured were sports, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about a few remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then went off.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid fund of soft coral, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
Once we captured a live.
It wasn't now.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to a zone where you have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We opened up the point of particular, in the new level, without remembering what was there.
So if we generalize this something like this.
On the axis -- and we have good things -- good things -- a number of weights, the world reactor, the water supply.
And that changes over time. Changing because people do things with nature.
Each generation will be used at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the substance of change.
And at the end keep a few miserable ones.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very abundant before you get extinct, it's very often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focused on large animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become a little bit frequent because we catch them.
So over time you get a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present -- like captain such as captain and so I looked at a lot of fish in this area cannot be used, or usually don't use the scientists of fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in industrialized societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that you can fulfill a protected marine area.
Because with the marine protected areas, we really recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of the game has run and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase their point of particular.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access to the Middle West, for example?
I think there are art and cinema -- maybe you can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Cheety Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Chaples Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the materials and the tons are like "Alliance."
And if you think about "Alliance: if you think about why people were touched with the movie -- not talking about the history of Pentists -- why will you move with the images.
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I'm going to give you is Cameron, making "Index II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alaska, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why video videos are made viral and what importance has that.
We all want to be stars, celebrity, singers -- food -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper note in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
Over 48 hours of YouTube video per minute.
And of those, just a small percentage is virulent -- it gets infinite of visit and cannon common models.
How does that happen?
Three things: Trend creators and shared communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Bernard Vaccon: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh that was guide."
KA: Last year, Bernard Michael published this film shot outside his house in the North National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular summer of the past summer.
Berkeley is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Meed Mountain Bergen.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmi.
Jimmy Kimmi published this tweet that would capture the video to popularity video.
Trend creators like Jimmy Kimmi present us new and interesting things to a wider audience.
Red Black:  It's Friday, Friday -- you have to start the Friday end of the week --   They all want to get the end of week, the weekend.   Friday Veronica, Virginia. starting the Friday --  KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Veronics Ballon Redwood is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Architecture Gore Double: this video seemed to have arisen from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks -- they're also Friday too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday one?
Well, I took it Ton, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mister Science Theater was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends are adopting a view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 shows in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other in the other days.
Unlike the early 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon doing it or doing something new with that.
"Nature Catera is a repetitive animation with a music that is agreed to do.
So, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were regimes.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it became international again.
All of a sudden, a whole puzzle community came out of that that would happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all form part.
Because we don't just enjoy, we participate today.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Area "gravity dollar or Rebel Blahy or "Nano Carter."
What would it be like to write that it would contemplate this situation?
In a world where two days of video go up in the middle of the minute -- just that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the machines in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nine: So I was muscle for not a biological circuit but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by the bicycle.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his mood, Casey Nike got five million people saw and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bernard Vaccon," what does this mean?
Okay.
KA: What does this mean?
Trend creators -- creative communities of participation -- which is completely unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media, of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of it.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Benjamin, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's just the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still searching.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique unit of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities come into Sanda, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they were burning it.
It became the silence.
I died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain. And my lesson was to learn that history tried to get up, but we succeeded.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the end of the scare by similarities similarly into the sea.
My mother, May, had just 18 years when her father died, and a convicted marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destroyed to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was uncomfortable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years who challenges the fiction, a boat goes down to the spring sea of fishing burning.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear were paradises, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother would take a fresh frighten.
If we were caught first, we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the proper survey in each wave and the version of the vast and empty.
I didn't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were engaged with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying, and I couldn't run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were doing Mellon in Mexico.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set out in Fracerboo, a kind of source suburb that is a population of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I unknown, in Fouring, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English engaged among people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT to get a title of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were searched, and established an extra tutor in English and math, no matter what should be needed, which was generally new clothes, always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tolerants, because he had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful sing on the eyes of the steel and some graph, "Alicert, go home."
House, where?
Something in me was survived.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to give them out."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exploded every night, but we were focused on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffer slowers, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to wake it up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be a student and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the Transition and the angry and intake, and kids were trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for substances and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implanted with what it meant from myself.
On the other, it was laughed in price lives, tragic limited by violence, drug abuse, imaging.
But many people got help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was picked up with the young Australian young year.
And I was captured from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
And so read, Android Angorial from France, was now as Le and refugee and social activist -- invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in a sub-Saharan suburban -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on the day of each one and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had the same age that she had when we got into the boat.
The "no" had never been an option.
"Did it, he said, "And don't be what you're not."
So I talked about juvenile and education and education to the marginalized and disappeared.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was solved to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although I ended my literature, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a note, a newly arrived one, new on the scene -- and not just it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being inside it can easily mean to put the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your presence.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is distracted, but not the way we fear it.
You know, chances that had not been allowed to be allowed to be all trained tremendously.
There was an energy there, an impossible optimism -- a rare mix of humility and wind.
So I followed my intuition.
He joined a small group of people who the motto can't do was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny for a year.
At the end of every day, I made a giant street of soup that we all share.
We were working until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up step.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
after a single journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the confusion was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 it became a colleague of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten by her.
Without support of his husband, he caused a revolution to sue it and take the cause itself, and much more reverse caused when I won.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died at 1,000 miles, in Mexico.
I looked through the shot of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to leave.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Frience and we sat around their athlete.
We told her stories and we made sure that we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the athlete.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold."
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't survived it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would be easily connected.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear at the privilege of the easy, right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, surrounding it on every wave -- the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see them safe, I would do it.
Transcript Newsons, and also the mother of so is today, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story begins in Raisones about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the single Muslim Alice.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of ancient Indian epidemic "The Mahama?
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, we went through the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I was articularized, the great Indian warrior -- I had sentence, I pulled a bow and a sleep on the ground, I got water.
Now we do the same with tables and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
So I felt a little bit more technical.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a adaptation if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his silver platform of pocket.
And this 50 year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirate and factories in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile clocks, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we do.
They face our inspiration.
So I launched myself to this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing magic.
I illustrate books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we there.
Put the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Normal becomes more and more multinational.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khom, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Let's put your fingers on every light.
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to me." I write my name.
And so I got a character of the book.
In several moments I get a cardboard -- the iPad knows where I live by GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl gets excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs, but at that magic of childhood, those ideas we open with children.
For some reason, fireflies.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies to release the fireflies.
And they really illuminate your way into what it is about the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy hit a balloon.
So here, every book and every world becomes a biological that I drag into this magical device, within the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, fluid and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and continued.
These are the short ones.
We've all heard of the hairs and the nines, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts -- would you take them up?
These poor leaves have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and free book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been completely locked into their P.C. and they have not come to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of stones, stores, stones, guards and concerts.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood you've got to go out, and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital photo collection that then you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a shot and says, "Oh, today I saw a shot."
An India kid says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking on.
Within the control variables between the magic, the Earth and the technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we are planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video included and through augmented reality.
At a moment, the screen is filled with leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them out in order to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology gets closer to each other.
Let's leverage the power of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many of the aid projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University University was to figure out a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she picks up a little coffee cup or you and asked patients, family and knowledge: What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone or maybe not all, but most of the aid projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia scale. It's a very simple thing.
It has a little bit of the swarm and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Helico.
And my doctor of charge has access to him too, so he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when I need cancer assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers.
So, every morning I connect to my Wikipedia business, and before I climb my car, people start talking to me, Lucifer, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week it will be available.
This little battle connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, they will recover control and be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medicine care, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through crowd.
And one of the things we did wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM boxes are in Machine.
Also where all the gas gardens.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest Department of helping this patient?
We asked but no one did.
Nobody knew where to get the Department saved lives right now.
What we did was we made crowd in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to be as a Web, you see a Detroit, please send it, and when it's open, because sometimes open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 Department is already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, augmented reality, to find these Departments.
And every time you're in the city of Machine and somebody colors, you can use your iPhone, and you can use the next weeks to use Microsoft to find the nearest Department, which can save lives.
And from today, I wanted to introduce this one, not just like Department 40, which is the name of the product, but also like DARPAS.
And we would want to start it globally.
We're advising all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the Department of Department around the world.
Every time you're out of vacation and somebody collapse. It can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these Departments.
You might be a message service or phone services, for example, to see if the Department that shows is still in place.
Please tell us in this and not just improve health but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for the photograph was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It mixed with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when we used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the public.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would begin to press the public.
photos like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism at all.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful, at the same time, but with the common goal to maintain the level of realism levels.
And when I say realities, I say photos.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is the details or the colors.
Does it intervene light?
What does the illusion create is?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that seems trivial, as if there is.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we go to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think they're those in which we don't even think, things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by pictures of different places.
The personal thing I think is easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fish journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pick.
And yes, even I did the top of the top of the island to look more sundence.
So to get a realistic result, I think it makes planning to planning, right?
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the photos the result can be very beautiful and very realistic at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I don't care about showing you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the potential of RISD microbial versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many other people that we tend to see, is a kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about technology with symbolic curves is a novel thing.
Something bizarre happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we make technological curves at local scale?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where, you say, these are the years or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to grapple, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I graphics, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a secular curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would advance as fast as microscope, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development story that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't get forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve. I know like this until it comes up to something completely different, or maybe doing something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask yourself, is: What is that new way that the world adopts?
What new state is the world leads?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're immersed in it.
I remember the future of the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference that people talk about the future and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been fight, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is going to be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition could be that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized, we give ourselves an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating a few oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in the inside.
Some of those oil droplet has a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so forth.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet forms.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them has a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time you divide up a unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
And so every drop was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that are somehow differentiated by being better at the time of incorporating the chemical chemicals -- they grow more, they encourage more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer. They were more represented up.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well, these guys learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were working in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate them.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolve 25 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microbes that try to hide people from the airport security.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this picture of DNA and hit it 10 at 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card. I have a lot of all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a culture would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy.
But then another great step happened in which things were very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and spread them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together on that, and they set up a synergy.
So they would survive or fail together, which is that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were represented more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the tipping point happened when these communities were so close that in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart, or the muscle of muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the structures responsible to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could say, for example, learning not eating certain fruit, because he knew bad and sick the last time the ate ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that have been learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals that ate that fruit fruit.
And so the fact that nervous system would build those information structures are enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution might now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few degrees and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in his heads that I have some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
We now go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. computer, the video tape -- the CDC, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we do before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You already saw the evolutionary example of Tin in which it produced some evolution with the program Conversation, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., less than a million years old.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is feeding -- I guess heating is the right word to name something that speed its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feeds.
But I earn my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them wouldn't be possible without recent hackers.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Tellic Machines, we think about an abstraction level, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could before you could not be able to get far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it involves methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence of instruction self-interest?
Could you be able to execute these sequences of instructions at random, to execute all of those programs, and take those who are closer to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more close to ordered numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random institutions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task better?
We are going to get those and eliminate the rest of it.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we went back to reproduce them following a process of analog recovery to sex.
Let's take two programs, which will create children, who exchange suburbs, and that children inherit the properties of both of these programs.
And so we got a new generation of products of programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we said, "Please repeat the process."
Call again.
It introduces some mutations.
And it tries again and replicate it with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few millimeters.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they are a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But they get the committee.
In fact, I know, I have the security of the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was in a 747 with Mars Minister and pulled up a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel wrong?"
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand the whole options that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so can run these programs much more quickly.
That is remote.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We are away.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they become multiple.
We are the amounts and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been running enough time to allow me to get part of my false prison in that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World Serior approaches.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about "Trade "The rules, talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that is back 300 dollars.
That means that baseball is effectively, three of 10 times.
That means launching the ball to the game of game without being caught up, and that anyone who is trying to launch it to the first base is not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how you call a $300 battery in the Grand Lights?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a baseball battery?
By the way, that is somebody who is 10 hits -- about four.
Legality -- like legendary Ted Williams -- the last player of the Big League of baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have apples, and they're derived to a surgeon that has a 100 percent record in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a wanted to be wanted to have two orange coronary arteries, and their family doctor gives you a cardiologist whose record in algorithms is 200 of them.
But do you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their actions have been 255.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think you should be the average of a heart surgeon, or orbit, of a nurse or a giant observation.
10,000, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that no one in the entire medicine knows the dawn of a good surgeon or a doctor or a spotting.
What we do is, though, is to send them to the world, and I included, with the Mandarin of being perfect.
That never, ever take a mistake and wonder to figure out how to do well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a complex observation student.
Once, a high school in high school said that Brian Goldberg studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little deception, in the North General Hospital residence of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the alert, the frequent difference and the non-lethal diagnosis.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney train advance.
And as far as I accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I heard from medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything -- or the most possible, close to everything, because this is how I was immediately immediately involved.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drug lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Edge lady into the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you were emerging I applied to a cardiologist to get a cardiologist to get to that patient.
And to report the chief of residents.
When I saw the Greenland lady, I was gaining.
I heard a relative sound.
And when I looked at it, I heard a sound bored on both sides, which gave me a conscious heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops and instead of pumped the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, the blood goes to the lungs, and so there's a difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment that I would give him.
I gave him aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him diabetes, water players, so that he could eliminate liquid liquid.
And within an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I made the first mistake -- he sent her to his house.
It actually took two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone -- I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and take it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen her, he would have been able to bring complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even telling my boss to me.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When I sent it into his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said, "Galapago, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse to take care of Mrs. Drug grade: "Do you think it's okay if you go home?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said totally nature, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradoxes took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the parking parking parking car where my car was going home. At that time, I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency emergency service service.
And there another nurse, not that I care about the Drug lady before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear do.
Other specialists fear it too, but there's a particle in emergency and is that we see the patients.
The three words are around you?"
Does it remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the brink of death.
When I had come to his house, after I gave the high school, he suffered a collapse and his family called 9/11, and the ambulance was brought to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 miles from Homo, which means a severe shock.
It was barely breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave them medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was excited and saved to the spinal cord.
He had a sense of feelings because after the stability was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope it would recover.
And in the two or three days that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were respected to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Drup lady, wife and grandmother.
They say you never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks I was punished for it, and I experienced for the first time the magnet shame that exists in our medical culture, and I sat down alone, isolated without feeling that shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad at inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we're bad.
And that feel.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a taste.
I talked to the family and I'm sure I would add things and make sure that I wouldn't hurt them.
And I kept asking myself those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I eat such a stupid mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was designing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun and asked me if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was shooting the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to not make more errors, I would get those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, I was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat, a pain.
I was very busy and struggled.
He pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little color.
I showed him penicillin and sent it to his house.
But as he goes to the door he went to the door on his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard change, my boss asked to talk to me about a ballet in his office.
And I had the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient that he saw for a pain in the sharp?
So he came back and he didn't have a strategic failure.
He had a potentially deadly effect called electronics.
You can look at it in Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but it goes on the top and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He did not fail.
And it was sent antibiotics to go in and come back to the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reports, then I went back and I went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of urgency, not addictions and disasters.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a deception.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation of it.
They ordered a kidneys, but it turned out to be normal, a colleague that was checking into the patient perceived some sensitivity on the lower right quadrant, and he called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered the liquid to replace and asked my colleague to do it.
You reviewed it, and when you noticed some sensitivity on the lower right-hand square, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was adapted, I was developed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a beautiful.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just an analog and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voices that tell me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues with my colleagues.
How do I teach them this so that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a trauma in my hospital adopted the wrong leg, believe me would have difficulty in looking at her eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions that are making mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that are all of us who have our own results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction as an antibody who starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about distribution and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prisoners and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, to my program, "Wow Coast, Blah Art -- white, black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one out of every 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or deformation is not right. In a system where hackers are increasingly and more numerous and more numerous and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian cards are killed by average medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute of Medicine established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about low-tech institutions, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a pain patient in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest. It comes crazy with the electronic eyes and with alcohol and all of a sudden my story is abandoned.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't slow their symptoms in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not to stay left.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their sick cases of their cases?
In my program, "Walker white, black art, is already a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake." I would tell you all, from the dolphins to the head of heart surgery -- "This is my worst mistake: "Whoa, blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes -- and it will bring the mic to them.
And their students would stop, they would go back, they would go down the head and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, you don't eat the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduced medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefing physician is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't get proud of your mistakes, but it's effort to learn about what happens to teach others.
It shares your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in an loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going to run the system, and when this happens, they commit errors every time.
My name is Brian Goldberg.
I'm a redesigned doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says picking an average American, is about 70 a day.
Not a long ago, in an investigation followed for a week to a group of companies of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks written by these executives and the time they employed in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, 134 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many minimiasions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many of you belong to the nation of nine minutes, and how many of the people in the middle of an hour.
How does the way you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current process, to choose the strength of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I'm talking about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload source?
Thank you.
Being graduate student at Stanford University, I was growing this very, very high level supply, at least at least at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Drank.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and violent, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water -- and this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion, I wondered, why never buy nothing?
This is the seat of olive oil.
They had over 75 different kinds of different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that come from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy do this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment.
Taste hands.
They had 340 different classes.
We installed a post to go, just at the entrance of the store.
We put out there seamlessly from six flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what are people willing to stop testing the market?
More people were stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a market tool.
So here we find the opposite effect.
What they stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy market.
Those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought market.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy market if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy market probably become, at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very transparent decisions.
We decided to decide not to decide, even though this doesn't make us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with guru Hubble, Emissi Kamen and Web Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in plans of savings to retirement -- the 404 program developed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation of it.
We had 75 plans that went from two to 59 different options.
What we found was that the bigger the number of funds were offered -- there were less participation.
So if you look at the ends, you see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were involved by avoiding action or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in terms of financial constraints.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick less satisfying things, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of Massachusetts, music, bindrease and market, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to introduce you four simple techniques that we've been teaching, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can be in their business.
The first is, Corrido.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Look."
They worry about losing space in the antibody.
But actually, what we're looking at is that if you decide to cut away from strange redundant options, there will be an increase in the sales -- you will go down the costs, there will be better experience in choice.
When Progress & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health or Spanish to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cath corporation, they eliminated the products for cats that were less sold to the user of the users in 84 percent, for two causes and higher sales and less costs.
You know that today's supermarkets, on average, is 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store -- about 100,000 products.
But the world's largest store in the world is Adam and offers only 1,400 products -- a type of tomato tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how choices better is David Launders, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically engaged to a safe lifestyle.
The people who really want to pick up, are offered 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees: "Tell me the differences that there are between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you will never do your customers either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He said to me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience addition to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take a Garden supply.
(Clearly shots." All right. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I actually got to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can go ahead and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the power overload problem, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vividly very victime, very concerted.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people saving more.
We did a study with Slaver Benjamin and Alexander President, on staff of English trades who worked in ENGLA, these people were in a meeting where they were moving on a 404 plan.
To that meeting, that we had exactly how we used to be used as an accumulated, we did a little addition to it.
What we added was we applied the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mines there was an increase in the applications of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of savings of four percent.
The third technique is Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets along the edge of the novel, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 66.6.
But you know?
Because classic tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called James and the other, Swiss.
If you think the one on the left is Swiss and the one on the right is Jack, they give a palm.
(All shots." Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
Turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Switzerland, but you know something?
This classification scheme is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something that I choose to do, not when you define them.
You often see this problem with these huge fund lists.
I suppose who they're reporting?
My fourth categories: Continuing complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase the complexity gradually complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturing manufacturer that allows you to feel it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions. You have to take your car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Color outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you can always access the default button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed or we are losing them.
We find that the ones that go from many options to a few options, they open the button for the defect over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from few options to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Even though you choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of the inner decision, in all ways it prepared us to choose.
We get excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the sound surgeon, cortex, eliminating strange alternatives -- concentration, to make it real, climate, we can drive more categories with less options -- to tell complexity.
All of these techniques I've presented to you were designed to help drive the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve them.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter to write it to the government.
And I had to register a sheet of text that was written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, the very much that it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having a few printed yellow dots on every page that makes a pattern that makes you one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be abundant for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can play the attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the circles.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golden in Keith City, in Ukraine.
The cybercriminal mobile is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, huge amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplicative, who won money with their attacks.
This is Glamour Tshanstick, from Turkey, State.
This is Alfred Gorem.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Burtz Sunda.
These are Matthew Anderson, Targan Alexander etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through bank trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman -- Sam Jane, and this account was 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Janine and sand stored -- it is discovered his stream.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attention that we observe today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate laughter.
groups like Anonymous have collected over the last 12 months causing a role based on online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals who do it for money, the vaccines like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states, the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Dicenton.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a certificate of certification from the Netherlands, or actually it was.
It declines the last fall because of a shoe.
They survived the security of the site and they lost a circulation.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people to cause the attack to Dicenton.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die, because of an attack of this?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificated.
What are the certificates for?"
Well, you need if you have a website with actors, interrupted services, services like Gambordin.
Except that they will intercept a foreign cerebral authority.
And they emit captures and captures.
And in the case of Digital happened, exactly that.
And what happened at the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the sensors took out the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this card called "The "Stevens."
And within that folder, there were notes of a company with headquarters in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to get a great scale of the communications of the citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 800,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company silk is right here.
Now, Western governments provide the tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are doing this.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, we found the trend to the triangle of the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspect in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
Use even tools like the Trian tree to infect our computer with a tree to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I really don't affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's the privacy.
Privacy is not discovered.
It's not a question of privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we come up with today, will be forever.
Do we blindly trust any future government in an administration that we could have in 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
Here's where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The Nairobi National Park does not have close to the majority of the south, which means that wild animals like brains migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like the lions -- they follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we stood up in the morning and we found it dead and felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the musicians, believe that we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and that's why we value it so much.
So I grew up running a lot to the lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think there's so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, at the age of six, is responsible for her father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this wasn't serious, because even he helped the lions see the stability of the far.
I didn't know. It continued.
A second idea was to use a speech.
I tried to deceive the lions so that they were near the stage.
But lions are very clever.    They came the first day and saw the speeches, and they were left, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with an attack, and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would get to and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I killed everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charge the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little red box. I call it a transformation.
And the ideal box makes the lights dependent.
As you can see, the light bulb is going out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights are sticking and they deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used for all of Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena little letters, and it's also being used to speak elephants of farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid on the shoes of my sand holding my father's cows and I used to see planes flying up, and he told me that one day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer and a pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad cows and lions -- we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Atanger or the thing that my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So they got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RSW: My next invention is -- I want to make a close electronic. CA: An electrical close?
RB: I know that the electric fence was invented, but I want to do my own.
CA: You try once, right? RS: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a clothes.  CA: At the foot of the bread. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage every step that you are, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RA: Thank you very much.
When I was a little girl, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Don't Five Force."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Indian, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Though I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed all of my life.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
That he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We are collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't delete from my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
An enormous famine.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during the famine and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more often the energy cuts -- all around me was completely to dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a single picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Abraham River, which serves from the limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very upset in certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant ones.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a Norwegian refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Norwegian refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be reported to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being Norway, then I looked at my skills in Chinese language, and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and departed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interaction, an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not northern."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Norwegians in China are looking for standard of foreign embryonics.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and departments.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These northerns didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, innocent Norway is captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or locked or executed in public.
Even though I was fortunate to escape a lot of other neurons haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be summarized in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Starting in South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a great gap between North and South and South Africa.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I surgeon or Norway?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call myself with my pride myself.
Even though I would adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan, I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call amateur.
The North Korean authorities are introducing some money that sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be shifted to force to a location away from the outside.
They had to flee.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Norways have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese -- I had to guide them, somehow for over three thousand miles across China, and then through the Southeast Asia.
The trip in bus took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by an official of the Chinese police.
He asked the identification of all, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I joined myself and I told him that they were super-societic people who were applicating.
I looked at it sustainably but fortunately I believed it.
We did all the way to the Latin border.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe the border guards in Los.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border.
After paying much mushrooms and shows, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Cassellemards capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was arrested in prison at the short distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or mushrooms.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, he explained the situation, and without doubt the man went to the car card and gave me the rest of the money for my family and two northerns and take them out of prison.
I thank him all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the northern people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The small unknown symbolized a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and support of the international community are really the sperm of hope that the Norden people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve its freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they turn into a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of the English language, work practice and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from the inside.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help bonds an opportunity to have international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Norway supporting around the world, including at the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Central Center," landscapes of liquids, fast food, balanced land.
So the city planners got together, and they thought, we're going to change the name of South South to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles as if it would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Los Angeles --  stores.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center -- home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to bring more people to kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than that, say, Beverly Hillis who is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of house you see the data effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood.
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see candidate diamonds like Streets.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes of water and around to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides whatsoever.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land band that we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grams, we got together and started planting our forest of food, fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by gardens of all the processes, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city came up to me and in short, they gave me a cartoon saying that I had to remove my garden.
And I said, "Let's go, really?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters.  So I was like, "Well, let's go."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Leopard, and I talked to the cocktail and one of the members of Green Grouse, who put a petition in Christmas, with 900 firms -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My focus even called to say they were shooting and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more land terrain.
It's 68 miles from balanced terrain.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why does it don't seem good this?
Growing a plant will give you about thousands, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of humbles will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my hydrogen, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti -- which is revealed walls, I get out of soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my end of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act you can do, especially in a journey.
Also, they get freshness.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and daughter, they were like 103 o'clock at night and they were in my garden.
I, well, man, I felt wrong to be there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame by seeing people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "No, don't you fear people going to steal your food?"
What I say, "Oh my God, I have no fear you're going to steal it."
It's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to get your health back.
There was another time when I put a garden in a shelter.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by his stories about how it had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changes them, so just for a moment.
So Green Grouses have come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We have had, as about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat tail.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you get in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't bring them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids that are charged from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carvant's product.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take container and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the street, they know the closets, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we need to do it sexy.
I want everybody to become economic generations, gas, garden gardens.
We have to change the script of what a gain is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gain.
The vessels take your stick, right?
That that is their land of choice.
If you want to get together with me, well, if you want to see me, they don't call me if you want to sit on comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their hair so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience sounds)  (Audience:  You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that subsequents it.
And especially if you're riding in your bike, and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn associated races.
The post-conflict associate, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rainwater is flowing down to the sides and you have a road that is easy to drive, and you won't jump water even more.
Noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hole, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is the going to get? You see that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give them your windshield and won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Backyards, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how damage appears in this material.
It's a porous, pore asphalt as I said, so only has a little amount of advertisement between the stones.
Because of the interpretation, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxygen, this advantage, this beaten, the glue between the risks, is coming in, and if you get engaged, it will be microbial and separated from the adverse.
So if you drive through the road, you will get the adverse addicts, as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of marriage materials.
If we can make this material self-definitely, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up stress, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the battle.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with little pieces of steel in it.
And then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a manufacturing machine.
The industry can heat out, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel down, melt the battle, the battle flow through these microbes and the stones will come back again to the surface.
I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big manufacturing machine here to stage.
The microwave mountain is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they donated us a piece of road, 400 meters from the Agel highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on roads, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them then with our manufacturing machine and we repair them and we bring them back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers -- incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even you can double the life of the surface, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before I can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember I'd wake up one morning with the sound of the journey in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed.
"The Taliban were left off."
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
It's a real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban stayed in Afghanistan, and they made illegal that the girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister, which I could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were going to buy them.
School was in a house, more than 100 of us lost in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we removed our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was closed suddenly for a week, because the Taliban supported.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were alleviated, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total influence of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted in his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was supported.
But my mother educated became teacher.
This is it.
Two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a higher risk in not to educate his children.
Over the years, I remember there were times when I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Me daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you still want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the back, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate at Michelle College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was tested from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate his daughters was one.
He doesn't only get out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I carry it by driving on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1970, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOL, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like my own, they advocate for them, despite and still face an optimistic opposition in front of them.
As Ahmad. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from Solves to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice would warn you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would try and try.
Look at me already, if you want to say, "But I'm not going to harm the future of my daughter for your old and your income ideas."
What I've realized, of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often they're the first compelling entrepreneurs of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who were to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't take a lot, after the roof of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that animate them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and changed possibilities and every day the SOL girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explanation: "Hi, resist Gathri. "Fight against him.
But you never become a Galvanian revolution."
They've spent almost two years since the liberal revolution was inspired by the startup of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as of the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other liberal citizens inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and start a revolution against the typical Gandhi regime.
And we did it. It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the bank, by demanding the fall of regime, by providing slow painters, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a worth of exploiting the brutal dictatorial of Gandhi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and run into the slice.
But Gandhi left a heavy burden of street, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and seeds of alternatives.
For four decades, the type regime of Gaddafi, destroyed the infrastructure and culture and moral structure of liberal society.
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved a lot of other women, rebuild the civil society, by demanding an inclusive transition and right to democracy and national recognition.
200 organizations were established in Benjamin during and immediately after the Galapago, about 300 in Tricerator.
After a period of 33 years of wind, I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Library of Limits for Peace -- a movement of women, the leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the chemical autonomy of the woman and the right of the egalitarian participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the presidential period, an environment that was increasingly pollutional, which is moving from selfish policy and exchange.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
But nevertheless, the culture of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing.
We wake up with the news of the profit of ancient mosques and Sufi touches.
Another day I loved the news of the American Embassy and the attack of the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the military official market.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued limitations of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, became more polarized and moved away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the exception and the revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of "creating "relief" and the election.
Now, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
And the light list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why are our society still polarized and dominated with selfish dominants of domination and exclusion, so much for men as for women like women.
Perhaps what it was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion and inclusion and inclusion of it.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election needed -- that only reinforce polarization and division themselves.
Our nation needs the quantitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and call anger days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and misconception.
We have to develop a female speech, which not just honor but also put the misery instead of venture, collaboration instead of competition -- inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately with the end of achieving peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that deals with interpretation and alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a surgery of the Koran "and peace -- it's the word of the mission of the mission, bagan, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Raid: which is known in all the academic traditions, it has the same root in Arabic that the word "Rode: symbolically by simulating the feminine and the mass -- that covers all the humanity that men and women and all the tribes and all the people have gone together.
And so just like the uterus cover completely embraces, that grows inside the divine matrix of the nurture of the neuroscience all the existence.
This is how we say, "My mission absorbs all the things."
And this is what we say, "My mission is going to be on my anger.
That everyone is given the grace of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a incredible question, which has an equally intelligent answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing always, why is she left?
Why would anybody stay with a man who picks him up?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, or in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just been ready at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and a editor in the Sex magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first green attractive American Expression, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul -- I stood on the head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than no one in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Low love, a psychological trap, distributed of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am a license in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA in marketing of the Whole Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the "complete 500 list companies between those Johnson & Johnson, Leo Barney and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and driving a minimia Hondrator Oscar.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religions -- all the levels of accountability and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markets are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependence and long duration or they say, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why, the domestic abuse is so descripting.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who picks him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more chance of being victims of domestic violence than the other age, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples, norms and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signs or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, lamping night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in the subway of New York City and started to flow with me.
He said two things.
The first one was that he had just led from a university of the Leader Islam and I worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed a boy from the field.
He had a big matter of maps like apples, and a hair round a break, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I knew about, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple.
He did it about all the beginning putting on a fish.
We started coming out, and he loved everything of me, which was list, that I had gone to Harvard, which I had passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I know I believed in me, as a writer, as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And it was why the literature in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to select and do the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go to New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job and I went together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling on a lot of love, that I was entering a head in a physical and financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat threat to see how it reacts it.
And this is where they go into the scene those pilots.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where you supposed to be so sure you bought three pills.
One was in the car.
Another one had taken it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pills because of the trauma that I lived with a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pilots were actually a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger serious every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me to really want it.
And I was very, very replicated.
He had just felt very completely about the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident and never would make me harm.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the car slide.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon -- and he got adopted by the traffic and threw me off a Big Mac cold for the face.
And I was continuing to give up one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease reported that every year 15 million children are marketed, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
So back to my question: Why do I stay in?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a profoundly advanced man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his demands.
The other question that everybody asks is, why does it just don't get up?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a market.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
Over 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence cases after the victim has finally put the relationship down to the relationship, after the marketing, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent access, even after the abuse has gone back to married, density of financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend no man who paid their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it just doesn't go?
I was able to leave, because of a last landscape that I came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and friends at full unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stretch victims as spectacular headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?"
For some people is a way to say, "The guilt is your letter to get out, as if the victims we are going to choose to get into men who want to destroy me.
But since I published "Low love, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also shooting, who learned an impossible lesson from what happened and they rejected their lives that were joyful and happy and happy and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am actually a victim and a very typical definition of domestic violence.
I went back to marry a nice, nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black lab, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to get to have never more, but it's a charged pillacint pointing to my head on someone who says he wants me.
At this point, the same thing you're thinking, "Hello, that's fascinating." Or "Hello, what stupid it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being married or that they were from small or they were abuse themselves.
The marketing could be affecting their daughter, his sister, to his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love to break the silence.
And I keep doing this today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just proposal on silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
victims we need all over the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the male to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They replace their vision of survival as fantastic and delightful people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow down their scale and show the victims a safe sauce.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful essentials that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call myself Cameran Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen it like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to get it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they popped up, they don't have to do it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tanks are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater for your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while you cover your head.
All right.
Why did I do this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Application is powerful, but also surface.
I have completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer said to me that he would put the back up and would match the child's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial program like the one that made me two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though shallow and immunity, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a climate discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made myself model is because I won genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which are biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it at a high and self-definitioned figure, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage here, which I've been able to take to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience now that now is shown schizophrenic, and maybe there are a few lovers of the fashion that they say -- hopefully. That's Nimon, Toronto, Joan Selams, Jim Web.
First of all, it's happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York counted every single model in the salary, and from the 767 model contacts, only 27 percent, it was less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't love that.
But then what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a black heart surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insisted, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss ...
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the reduction chief of the American Voice magazine or the HIV executive address, or the next Steven Media.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike heart surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've already finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and you work on your backs, no matter what you're saying, you want to say you want to be president from the United States, but your correct said, "Mome of the inner clothes for 10 years, would look at you weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all pictures are recorded.
And yes, virtually all the pictures, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a Biosphere, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is how I put my grandmother together a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am on a little bit of a little bit of a couple of days before the French Vocas.
Here I am with my soccer team and the magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, pedestrians, machines, photographers and standards, and all their aid and property people and production, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many tages of 20 inches and I never use, except the couple before, but the privilege that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a primary driver, and he jumped up a red separate, and of course, they stopped us, and I was just standing up, and I had a sense of a power to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not why I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 120,000 teenagers who were standing and recorded and 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 young black and Latino young people in New York City, so for them, is not a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me? And when?
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that about 53 percent of the girls in 13 in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes down to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life in a model?
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit thinner and you have the brighter hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also amazing power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They just have to get together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs and the brightest hair and the more probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get from this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable about recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was older enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I wasn't me who brought them out.
There were no artistic directors, no standards, no opportunity to repeat photos or even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them into random turns.
My story begins when I find myself in New York City to give a point, my wife took me out of this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and the five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York just one year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching me, my wife told me, why don't you take wisdom to New York City on a paper trip and continue the ritual.
So this is when we started asking the taxis that were going to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, never ever heard of the camera.
And then we weren't aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new hydrogen, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interacting with everything.
That concrete time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking up, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red tolera from the grocery store that I would love in the previous sight.
And I described what I felt about five years of foot in that same place.
He said that he remembered his heart paint with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we created are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you can't get close to somebody and ask you, does it take a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 birds in the world.
Buttermings are in the most threat group of birds.
First of all, why do you have so bad press.
It's also been associated with Disney laughter as a mental characters, dumb characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the laughter Kenyan press, applause and alarming, these are the attributes that are associated with the Kenyan parliament, but I don't accept.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean in the environment --  -- the parallels don't help prevent disease spread.
They're hardly monitoring.   They're far away from excited.  And, my favorite, the businesses have better presence --   There are two types of buses on this planet.
There are the Bureaus of New World who are primarily in the Americas, like the computers and the cards, and the old World Bureaus, where we have 16 species.
So why are the businesses important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural trash recovers.
They clean up the cards to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria, help absorb the anthrax that they won't be outside of them and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buses, the carcasses take three to four times more time to depressed, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
Butterflies also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
Newthan was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the copper signal, the unit between the high and the lower Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology. Japan was the burner god, and he risked his life to save the Day Side of the 10 Raid death.
In the Tibetan culture, you get very important interests to open sky. In places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these businesses provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with buttons?
We have eight species of buses in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat threat.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and failure. The patient communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the buses are victims of this.
In southern Asia, countries like India and Pakistan, four species of businesses are in the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Because there are no burners, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in cards of caves, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge pump of time bombing -- the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 365 adversaries are going to be above Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them in half.
They're bird triangles.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead businesses to serve the barrier and the faith market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them together.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so you can focus on a problem that's locally not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to buttons, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can you help? It can become active, making noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very uncomfortable creatures -- give their time to spread the word. Discover the word.
When they come out of this room, they'll be informed by the buses, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the buses.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that she changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally, my life has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in failed Africa.
And I was permanently.
I thought, at 22, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we anglery.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Blaher's "Obama: was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds in the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zambia River, and we teach the local to grow Italian and heat tomatoes and calls and calls ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get up.  We were astonished that the local, in such fertile valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that we didn't cultivate anything, we just said, "Thank God that we are here."  Just in time to save the people in the Humber of Humber."
And of course, everything in Africa was been greated beautifully.
We got these magnificent shots. In Italy, a tomato grows to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the names: "Look at what agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were nice, malaria and red, overnight.
And the names said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't they say that? You never ask asked."
I thought we were only Italians we did mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypertestions.
You should see the waste --  You should see the waste that we gave them the confidence of Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Dead Dead of Damaging Moscow, social economics.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Land it out of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are implications, colonial missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we patchet them, or we are patterns.
The two words come from the Latin Raid Room," which means "Father."
However, they mean two different things.
Patent, I treat any one of a different culture as if you were my children. I want a lot.
Pattern, I treat everyone in a different culture as if they were my services.
That's why white white is called "a bank, boss of it.
That book gave me a slap on the face. "The little thing is beautiful -- written by Spinous, who said for about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be helped by a single day.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, we can imagine a city that isn't neurologically."
I decided at 27 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Company Facebook where you have never started anything, but it becomes a service of the local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what does you do? It goes down.
It never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local.
We don't work from the offices.
We got together on a cafe -- we met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give it an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we helped them find knowledge, because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs are never addressed, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't take their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family physician of the company, the business physician of the business, which is established with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and it helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way to earn your life.
I started this as a test in Spain, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this consistent trash that we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on it, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do that?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
I shut up and I listened to them.  So the government says, "Did it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Frack, one of the greatest corporate advice in history, died at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drup was a philosophy professor before we got involved in business, and this is what Peter Rolf says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company.
Planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you're reconstructing Christian without knowing what the most expensive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer you confident, privacy has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will be at a mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, the intelligence and the passion.
Which presentation is you closer this morning.
Local people. That's what you have abandoned.
So what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- "not renewable fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brake as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the colleges? Forget it.
Government? Obviously."
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There were a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in 1968, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was an analyze," the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to take the population in New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already starting in stranger.  So in 1860, they were driving this dirty technology that would make New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States in America appeared 100 automotive manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few -- starting, factories in spared places.
Derek, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you confident.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them a absolute thing, dedicated service, excited.
And fortunately, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to understand.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commentary, and you have to talk with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 U.S. companies in the world, Washington, Edison Edinbore, all the new companies, Google, Abed.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one -- no one was started by one person.
Never the word I, but the word "We: 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cafeterias, in bars next to their dedicated shoes who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who would ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that."
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those people are surrounded by us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like alternatives, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape?
How do we share more our hopes before empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give you shared and brown and spines for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a depression in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned property properties.
I live close to this house and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for living and lived in the time.
It gave me clarity to the meaningful things in my current life.
But I start to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let you catch the day and forget what's really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant light and painted on her phrases to complete," "Before I die I want."
So the transistors could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and still covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I died, I want to be judged by paradise."  Before you die, I want to sit on the shores in the date of the date change.
"Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
"Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
"Before I die, I want to hug it once again again."
"Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
"Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hopes of people made me laugh at the legacy, and they tore me, and they gave me a lot of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and school scanners, it's about giving birth to reflection and contemplation and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kaulas, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution in increasing discussions, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us most power.
Think of death climate our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
I would like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remember is 22 years old, it's high and very cool.
I don't talk about, but I get better joy than some of the best speakers.
Remember knows what love is.
I share it including inconsisted what happens.
It's not a amazing. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make the words that I can't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very cool.
It has the most impressive memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year in which every song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I had my arm on my arm during the first episode of the Tells and the Laboret Gaga birthday.
Isn't that amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit to the concept of society, they are often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and fortunate my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar families with the term autism," it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes the physical skills.
Every single individual is manifest in a different way, from here that Remember is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed by a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that are going to increase in the world, there's no cause.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He lived in her own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing washing machine, and eat anything that would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the bars, frustration and inexisted hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without pressures, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, the moments that I wish that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal happens by high the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Reade and Sam and you would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a dance! Each one of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for great, progress and change die at the time when we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what I should have been Alice in the country of Mars.
Penn State asked me a communications professor, which gave a communication student of engineering students.
He was scared.  He really took away from these students with his big minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole of the diagram and saw the door of a new world.
Just like that, I felt when I had those conversations with students, I was surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and care care of health, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer responsible, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the translators, but they study the translators, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the operations.
And when you're describing your science, you care with the jargon.
Legging is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporary but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same as making them silly.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of scanning and encouraged with their content.
And when you present your work, forget the signal signals."
They have wondered why they're called balls?  What do the balls do based?
A film like this is not just boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and surprised us.
Instead, this example of General Brown is much more effective, shows that the special structure of the translations is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, the Eastern Tower design.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- light, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that speed up to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what you describe about.
I think these are just some key keys that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they solve this equation, for all media, supply with simplicity.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford English Dicest is solid."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Saturn means "helping "constitution."
Although there was a primary editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said, "A college is the one that seeks a public charge without matter participant, platform or principle, and that, when I win, I get it for the mere use of a metal armed moral."
I have no idea what "photosynthmenticity" means.
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to master the language.
It wasn't until that, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the instant name of Barries Christian, who was confronted to Parliament from it.
They put it on the London Tower and climbed him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that I won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use recorded from the phrase like this and she spoke "balls like the metal."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a replicating country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some of them wanted to call it "Jean" from State Washington: and others, "The Allergal George Washington: and the U.S. Liberians of the United States of Washington."
Not very attracted.
Some of them just wanted to call it "K."
They thought it was quality of quality.
And not even with that were monopoly, they had the idea that you could be picked up by King for a determined term.
And I could have served it.
Everyone was married immediately, because this debate was protected for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, still with this issue.
What caused the portrait and the way it was that the Republic chamber was against Senate.
The Republic of Representatives didn't want Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he gave him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give them the most modest title and more inexpensive and more likely that they were going on.
And that title was "President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was before, but it just meant somebody who predicts a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more gravity than the term "capture" or supermassive."
There were environmental presidents of little colonial conditions and government frequencies, but it was really an infinite title.
And so the Senate is opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign up and meet with foreign digitals."
"And who will be serious with such a ridiculous and insignificant title like President of America?"
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't make.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to find, the Senate has never really reflected the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary --  -- you may continue to wait 22 more years.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of the U.S. doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to device, the largest economy in the world and a stability of non-separate vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have gone to the title of gravity.
So it won the Senate at the end.
They got their respect title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of singular, well, it was a uniqueness at the time.
But you know how many nations they have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the Republic of Representations lost, because no one is going to feel humility when they tell them that now they're the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the modern reality is much more the words that might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the roof of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that capital of male and stone therapies with primitive tools.
As the others, I carry a cheap line of slime light up to the head with this stripped elastic and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole of that hole that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I was respected by my hand, and I suddenly remember a money that I met days before, who lost the control and fell into the short meter of feet.
As I talk to you today, these men are on the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they would never do it, because they're prey to slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Peace of Vancouver Peace Caller.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a integrate of "Free" the Samansa, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not that grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad, I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this approach of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a store and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "Freedom the Samerans and offer my help.
So my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, even considered them my second home.
But this time, I was wearing dirty trials.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of transparent slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations for seal debt of 1950s.
Surprisingly, slavery generates more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but who produced them are descendarity.
So slavery exists in almost everybody and, yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the hills of bricks.
This strange and funny show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Institute of Dan.
Images in a 54 degrees temperature -- men, women, children, all of the entire families wrapped in a heavy dust of dust -- they're mechanically slowed in their heads, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the adjacent furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Disabled by morality and punishment work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no maps to eat, not to drink, and the severe deforestation made it quite intelligent.
So penis were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to review it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the airport that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Silicon, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust "Freedom the Samerans and work within the system for his release, and trust that they would get it.
As soon as I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found children carrying rocks for miles by mountains to the trucks that were waiting for.
Those big plates were more heavy than the children who were carrying them and kids put them up to their heads with head cards made of sticks and strings and shoes.
It's hard to present something that shocked.
How can we influence something so insight, but so impressive?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers were recovered by their freedom, the slaves were burning their house.
When we hear the slavery word often we think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness to me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was struck women who had been previously sexual slaves.
They led me by a little bit of angiogenesis that gave this dirty basement, of course, fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a broken.
It was rather a restaurant.
Responsibility, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms where the standards with their girls and children, some of only seven years -- they're forced to go into clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and surgery, identified by a number of paint on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From foot on the pink, I remember making sense of a head of additional water, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a same one: the stairs where I came in.
There were no door doors.
There were no windows big enough to transplant.
Those people don't have a scanner, and because we play such a difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery even the sex traffic, it happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate with the labor of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the tester of blue and red.
They mix the slides in these big barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the couples, but the ink is toxic.
My interpretation told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom," they said.
We are still waiting to be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our work really paid us.
There's more than 4,000 children who are enslaved in Lake Volce, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their familiar families, disappeared and forced to work on extensive drones in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be shooting, he was afraid his little canoe was evolved.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the trees in the short trees in Lake Vollar often catch networks and children, failed and fear and shoot into the water to break the branches.
Many are holding.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love it's not going to flee. And like the whole life has been treated with crime, creating the younger slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they raised the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night and window.
And it would point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kow.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met it in a shelter where he was "Freedom the Samerans recovered to slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make a difference in their life?
driving through a road in Ghana with "The Simpsons -- the Samingovirans, an arms fellow with his motor suddenly accelerate and shooting our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it by a dirt path to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
And then I pointed out this feeling visitor and said, "This is the path, this is the way. Go!
As we started to go down, we took out the individuals that blocked the path and after walking about an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we set out in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the single path ended up opportunities in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everybody was full of enslaved.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they walked into water poisoned with mercouras.
The marketing is used in the process of extraction.
These mines are enslaved in a wells in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the piece they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irrationally, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The pits have up to 90 feet and these people load heavy stone bags that will then be transported to another area where they will be showing the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full and strong men and vibrant men, but if we look closer at it, the margin we see work to other less lucky, and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the marketing of a few years.
This is Manhattan, when his father died, he took him to work with him in mines.
When you die your uncle, Manhattan dead the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I'd worked on the mines 14 years and the list of the leg that you see here is product from an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be adapted.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not quite a lot of that is forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with local activists like "Free" the Samerans, and it's this kind of detector, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give them testimony of them and we will do everything that we can do to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can look at each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazine. They're from people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that happens that I don't think about these beautiful people, markets, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force has a fire and that fire pulls light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do the applied math and there's a peculiar problem for who we do it, we are like management drivers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm trying to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the varieties of whale and climb dancers -- that we'll see later on.
But the ballet demands an extraordinary amount of training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like the Parkinson's window gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Sweden who, in his time, was a version dancer dance.
In the last few years it's been made a lot in treatment.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness, temperatures, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there really is a cure to be when we have an objective metric and close metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a 20 minutes neurologic test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do it.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a very difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a not conventional form to try to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Striporphone.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds when they speak. We can imagine as a dancing ballet dancers because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed. The Fortune for example.
And like band, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think of the time that leads to a child to learn how to speak.
From the sound, we can trace the position of vocal chords as they vibrate and as the Parkinson's affected the limbs, also affecting vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular female from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
It is volunteer, weakness and recording.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspirational after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both using existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are election. Well, but in addition to voice that are not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address them.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for routine cost.
With high frequency. We could get objective data.
We could make low-cost mass recruit for clinical trials and for the first time, failured facial scans.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of disease before it is too late.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Partner Vocation initiative.
Together to Audagnage and Pakistani, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's -- he can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, will be able to say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get from these samples.
Max Little Little Little Yeah, yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease.
MS: You see, some people may not pass it. They may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for lighting factors in search for real markers of disease.
TR: You have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MS: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Telements, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone network too, which is a project -- now we have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: November and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MA: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
MS: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photography records in New York City.
We are planning creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in the rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the still more declared models -- the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where it was volunteer -- there Hans Volces, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
And with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Oday.
It's a small fish village located in the Islam of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The sea level recorded over 24 feet high, and over three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We take computers from channels and bands.
We clean up schools. We take out the slime and leave the houses ready to be renewable and recovered.
We take tons and tons of dead fish to death stores, appropriate, the local factory.
We were supporting and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and libraries and cameras and CD.
Everybody did the same thing.
So pick them up and take them to different places of the people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered in.
As they went out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a town of the people.
It helped clean the communal toilets, the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the training center collects the photos.
And they took them up and I had the honor that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I took myself out of my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some of you who had over a hundred years, some of them were still on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that radio and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started recovering the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strangers, but where the water had collected the face of the girl had to fix a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of her himself, and that would be as tragic as having the photo stranger.
Over time, they got more photos and they needed more reputations, so it came back in Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
By two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join together.
In Japan, in July in July, we moved to Rebel, a neighboring village north of Laden.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporal photography libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you took to get them to them is a different story, dependent on the rest of the photos.
I could make an hour. I could make a few weeks.
I could mean months.
This milk had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae with algae, even oil, all of them together with the step of the continues continue to destroy them, so clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the photo unless it was clean, dry and had been recycled by his owner of it.
We were lucky with cleaning by hand.
We count with the guidance of an administrative neighbor.
It's very easy to give even more photos already damaged.
As Wilder, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky relative to the photos.
He had started to clean it herself but she stopped to realize that he would make them even more.
It also had double.
Without them, the images of their husband and their face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in one picture and report the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures that he shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble that was quite far away from where their house used to be home, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the signs sounded apart.
His little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived them.
The day he left his pictures his son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember from the past that would not have been made by the March Day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there in there Han Hans hundreds of them helped us clean up over 135,000 photos -- the vast majority of the great majority returned to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundred and a half thousand photos of completely respected and recorded.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the ink for printer.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They're guidelines of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would get to look for.
This is what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to bring someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of reports.
Some of them connected to some of them with something bigger to get something, using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin model.
In closing, I would like to read this email -- I sent it up the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I recovered, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, moved me around, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter, who was born, hit our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor English inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not about a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photography, the photorechel, a new technique so fast that you can create video in slow motion of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rights, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really defy the idea of camera.
If you take a laser pointer and you get it up and turn it into a little bit of a second or whether you can create a photo package of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that bullet -- travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this photo package and shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures spread inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a sea is what it takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coke didn't apply this research.  You have a lot of things in this film, to take this information to show you what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a photo package that starts to turn it, and inside, it starts to wake up.
Part of the light is founded, goes to the table, and we start to see these inhabitants.
Many of the photos finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel on the table and because of the top of the upper parts of the bottle, after several frames that the reflection is focused on.
Now, if you take a common balance and run and make it take the same distance and you see it in the camera slow to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- a slow bullet in motion.
And how about testing death nature?
You can see the waves that are spores from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from a friendly at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you will realize that, as light is coming out of the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light in its interior and comes back after several billion billions.
In the future, when this female is in your mobile phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exposure, it goes into very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so I just get some light.
We sent that bullet -- that picture of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very rough scanner, we took these data gigabytes and we would fill them together to create those feminism that I showed you.
We can take all of that data in raw and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a supermassive future allowed him to see the rights after the rights?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Reference, entering the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces of light.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our failure.
Behind the wall there is a mantra and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National National Nature.
And a small fraction of pictures will go back to the camera but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our family, it has unique skills.
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also even the hidden objects, but we don't know what the point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in gross that, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll get them together and try to analyze the multiple records of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction of us.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what it is around the curve.
Or we could search for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open window.
Or we could build exponents that can be able to see the inside of the body by turning together themselves, and the same for the harmony.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about the photorechel as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So as Doug English, he himself was a scientist, converted science in art, an art of altruistic photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected each time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here's a funny thing here.
If we look at the waves under the ground, these are getting away from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. So Einstein would have loved to see this picture.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distinction.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
A mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, go to Soldier and get famous.
This is all possible with a phone.
I'm a girl in 1984 and living in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protested in search for a change.
This is the fall of 1989. Imagine if all these people who were protected in search for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who you have a cell phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phone, you get them down."
Leave them. An Android, a Blackberry, we went."
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a mobile phone.
But today I'm talking about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data in gross data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
Data Research Decement.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every Internet service from all over Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to whom a text.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in your phone company or your Internet promise.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data return.
We want the subject in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone to get the Internet providers, and the Internet provides all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Rifle," not fear."
And some of them even said that would be the State 2.0.
The State was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Department Telephone, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, that please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to give you a court lawsuit because I wanted to have this information.
But Department Telephone said no, we won't give this information.
In the end, we signed an agreement.
I would give up the demand and they would send me the information that I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Triance failed the institution for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly one on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Transit and five thousand lines of information lines.
At first, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retrieval means.
So, next to Keith Olyner, and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Fratra in train to Poland, and what often I call in the track.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one called the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate with each other, what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who is sending an email to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at first, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And, in conclusion, not the Heart curtain.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the subtle and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight for the subtle.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not passed up.
When you go home, tell your representative to just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store of you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember you have to fight for the subtle in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, ADDs, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, ADDs, what happens?
I call myself Massachusetts Zachuti, and I'm not open, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, assuming the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I have a whole time for that.
Look at me.
It's algorithm. I'm like a mixture of Shah.
Muhammad Al and Mumbai.
The P. C is not genetics.
It's not connective and it can be contract.
No one was saving my mother's uterus, and I don't hire it, because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas versa, they're in the commercial center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit disabled?"
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C. is just one of them.
If there was a company of oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clickstone, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "no one."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it. Dance song) </s> song."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents gave up the school system and make sure that I was also going to go out, and if we didn't take out all the most maximum notes we all had my mother's shoe.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The strategy that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a boat champion that has received a lot of birthday.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs and they're still all in the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think appropriate to use "Abed to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot of concern that died of hunger during the radio.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'm going to get the dawn of the dawn to the adaptation is very easy.
Daniel tape in Brown.
Yes, in Brown. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tanks, or I can walk with tanks.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using tanks, I also did.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I wasn't going.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Manuarity.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to get married, so I drank crazy shoes on the back, put hot cup on the back, and I remember my water burned my eyes and I thought, "Well, it works.
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a story friendly, I couldn't stand up with "the picture.
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital Telegracy.
I went to college, through the positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of all the budgets.
It was like the mass love of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I was doing a scene of the glass of the glass of my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the University decided to make a work called Danish very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at four windows: "In the end, I will have a role.
I have brain parasites."
At the final end of the bottom.
Thank God popular, I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave Christopher Brown.
I went to increase the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking him why and she told me that they could not do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Delete, if I can't do the risk stunts either, I can't make the character either.
It was a paper that literally had been born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
college was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a story of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
By graduation, I went home, and my first activity was kind of weird in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be sort of scared from "Committee" to "better friend of crazy friend."
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see it more than the night, and it was evident for me that reporter directors didn't hire government actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching What Wow Goldberg Rosen Barry, and all these women had one thing in common: they were food.
So I became humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics, New York City to New York City to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when he fell on the account that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say that I'm the first marriage of the Arab world.
I never like to pick up the first place, but I know that they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Angeline comedy Festival in New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the reputations in the media, and at the same time remind the reporter and supercomputer directors that substantial and Arabic are not significant.
Interviewing the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was just like invited to the cable news program behind Keith Olympic.
I went into a graduate dance, and they dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another silk?
And she looked at me and said, five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was pulled up.
I had my opportunity and display it -- I knew they would not be invited again.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to me, but I was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that Keith Oliver learned was that people on the Internet are school.
The children are crossed, but they never get fun of me or a child or bigger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a brilliant object.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why do you end up."
Is it retired?"
And my favorite, "Poor transition transit.
What disease does it have?
We should really run for it."
A commentary suggested even that I would add my disability to my corporation, guide, food, paralyzing.
Discovery is as visual as race.
If someone on the wheelchair can't make Beyon, then Beyon can't make someone in the wheelchair chair.
The disabled ones are -- yes, clap, man. Come on.
So the disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most subsequently in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My torso journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet of the shoe of Sunday Lucketer to the survey of Susan Aruble.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sanders and to work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matters.
He took the world by running "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was delighted in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Massachus: a charity that was a charity to give children refugee a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live alive, and he dedicated this talk to his memory.
It goes on peace, paper."
I call myself Massachusetts Zachuti, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small town.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a little town in the South Side of Somali.
This village is near Mountain.
The droughts implement the small village to poverty and on the edge of the innovation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mountain, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Moore.
After maybe one year, nothing.
A day is approached by a gentleman who offers her to love her to lunch.
I know a grand group of people, which gives you a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They present a young man.
Finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has an objective of life.
A beautiful day in Mountain, under a blue sky, is a bomb board.
That child from that little village with the dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how is the story of a little kid from a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him immediately?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came in.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we called "the Sperm Period."
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the markets, young urban urban young people who were deploymented by storytellers in Johnson, destroyed riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the period of hope."
For young people, the city promise -- the great dream of the city is the opportunity -- jobs, well-being, but young people are not participating in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the performance period, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the paintings, will be the story of cities.
And in my city of birth, Mountain, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They're not doing virtually anything.
I went back to Mount last month, and I went to visit the Madaga Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the back of the barbarian hospital thinking, and if I'd never been going on?
What if I had seen forced to be in that same period of wait?
Would I have become terrorism?"
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Montana that month was actually to alert a few juvenile leaders in a corporate computer.
It goes back to about 90 juvenile juvenile leaders.
We sat and had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mountain, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mountain, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
You see an opportunity and you take it up.
It started a motorcycle company.
He started rent motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It facing young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately for the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately as well.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mozart, a flower.
I was helping some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Movemen has seen in over 22 years, and until a little bit until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- you used to be planted from the foreign statement.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers from frontier."
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscape and floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mountain, and he started growing the tubes and limits, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Mountain.
And it started the delivery of flowers for boards, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now he's working on the creation of the first public park for Mouse in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mountain.
It wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and like he says, smell the proverbial risks.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink rose because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Moore's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They've never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be characteristics of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the greatest challenges facing the city.
They indicate business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put their business on it.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, release the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catality for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created by transforming the way people see their city.
They were able to hire the streets from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralyzed period paradigm."
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people into entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than heat and "perfecting periods."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to exchange with my dad in the Adam mountains, an area in Northern York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun would make the leaves glow like a violence, and not to be because of the path we followed -- almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a corporate in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a garbage, from about four feet square with apple hearts and blood paper balls and old albarren.
And I was anti-a-half -- I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they were doing, who thought that they would clean their ball?
That question followed with me, and it was simplified a little bit.
Who clean our garbage?
No matter how they organize or where they put our own, who clean our trash in Estonia?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris, or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Sandbary clean our trash -- for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who makes that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his tracks and interviewed people in office and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an introduction.
I needed to get further in.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And it was operating the mechanical scans and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asked about smell.
It's there, but it's not as preventing as you think, and in the days that it's very strong one is used quickly.
It costs a lot to get used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept attributing to the weight of taking on their body tons of trash every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Laboratory statistics, the respect of waste is one of the ten most dangerous obstacles in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you walk around you around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the work.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the impact of garbage.
When you get out of the cloud and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never come.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always has to be moving.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste recovers are the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protests.
If you don't get rid of the waste efficiently and effective every day, this starts to get rid of your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
The diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us a living.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have room for the new thing that the economics of the economy begin to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average speed daily needs.
I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair or clean or take our coffee cup with us, our bag of the mandate, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a force force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and sustainable city.
Her work, I think, is almost literal.
They're on the street every day, racistic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do our work.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us left from ourselves, from our own waste, our disasters, and that flow must always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the degree of a waste collection on the street, grabbed my little son and pulled the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey like he did all the microscopes.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assisted, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paulan, we worked together a lot of times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to gather the way we exist on this planet as we have to include and keep all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think about when we talk about garbage are three percent of the amount of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your life, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, it takes a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking of our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and I, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out with riding."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to store.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the revolution with crystals generates heat into the interior, so it is necessary to be enough.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really carried out with the ancient market that is this free air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small veils.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by inspiring the site, which is located in a very growth area of the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an unfinished attribute that creates a free air space in the building that was produced, in its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, that changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue like a shape of concrete command with references to allow the air input and also from light, but in a floating way.
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of the states of the ethnics.
They have properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the factor.
We're building that with these little quick pieces that are the windows that allow you to spend air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is made up with these little colored crystals that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas not really easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market would be much more profitable than the commercial center because there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy supply for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these little bits on the roof, which in the roof, collect water for the health of the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go for the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project that big, the biggest thing I designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put a special attention in the medicine, a 1,000 years of ancient antibiotic that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these patients.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors that are interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like apartment -- as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate.
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly rooted in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patients, and then on the lower plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians for the penguins.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving community the space that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, can go up and social, and make the activities like running a two miles a morning, or jumping from one building to another building.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and that they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had large amounts of hair very bright and a little little little little little little little bit of pencils -- it was super strong for states of states, very good for photographer.
I ended that year and I was full of schools, until I brought my synapse plan.
I was a day after I got out of school. I was a little bit afternoon, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the cost was shooting, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the heat book.
And then, I did.
Alternative the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some of them.
All of them.  And I got to bring the book into the crisper -- but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a frontier, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all rows from God and myself a row of it, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt okay doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all really obviously.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason why I was bothered that this guy, so small, was so good for iPad.
I was intrigued by the clothes.
They're so mysterious and so fending.
We know babies suffer from jealousy.
The primate birds are too profit.
We know that clothes are the number one cause of subjects in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or the long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab that the cells were studying in all its possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infinite, no "Hey!"
There would be no school King or "The 1,000 and a night."
There would be no Shanghai.
They were going away from the high school reading lists because we would be losing "The Saddam and Fortune: there would be "no Gallery or "Practice." We would lose "Machine Borneah and "January K."
Without cells, there's no Protocome. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the skin, almost that they all have them.
This year is about 100 years of his masterpiece -- "In looking for the lost time -- the most successful study of sexual clothes and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Protocome, we have the sensitive details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magic magic in the washing map.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget about how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfram said they were as hard as a cat trick.
I don't know how the cat trickster, but suppose it's surprise.
Let's see why they're so well together, the novel and the clothes, the schools and Protocol.
Is it going to be very obvious like chops, which will reduce the person, to their wish, to their printing, are a good normal basis?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel clothes.
When we feel chops, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By being at the same time storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include the knife, right?
The clothes make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Protota understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could pleasure another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Protocol says that every single fresh thing that Sanda detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sanda and Protocome, they were notoriously closed.
You know, Proton Novembers would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so close to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The spares are algorithms.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the clothes like?
The clothes are nurturing of information.
The spares use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of hair and the nice amount of hair and small pencil standards.
The clothes are nurtured from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Protocome links the language with the classroom of chains.
When Saturn is in his couple of clothes, all of a sudden he hears behind the doors and software to the signs of his lover, then he defines those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replacing, but it's not unlike the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a monument."
He says, "These are scientific research with real intellectual value.
Protocol is trying to prove that the clothes look into the schools and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what I do to Protocome concern, the more painful the truth, better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Protocol.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer from us a range of feeling much deeper and vital than a wise man who can be interested with us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crowd women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the clothes reveal ourselves.
And is there some other emotion that makes us open this particular way?
Is there some other emotion reveals our average, our horrible ambition and our rights right?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at so peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very unfair young man who consumed with the idea that his wife was excited.
And Freud says that there was something strange about that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing it, involuntary behavior.
Sound too much -- or does it accidentally roll out with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the question of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely celestial clothes, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the clothes lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The clothes drive us to behave in completely invasive ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at 8 years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman in Microsoft 50 years old was captured to have created a false account on Facebook since she was sent to the eye messages -- horrible itself, for a year.
For a year. A whole year.
She was trying to fight the new girlfriend of his former novel -- I have to confess that when or this, they react with admiration to it.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's kind of like a novel.
Like a Higgs Patrico novel.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
This is the "Tropics of "The Strangers in a TV and "The Talenter Mr. "Pickler: books that are dealing with the schools, they confuse our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the clothes, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be perfect in an instant.
Take Tom Repposition, his most famous character.
Tom Brazil is going to stand or want what you have to appreciate from your self and put yourself out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, take your rings, cow your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Brazil.
I can't give you all around the world, as much as I want sometimes.
It's a pity, because we live in average times.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the coin is the endangered? Right?
The novels show us the leading? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to Baker Street 225 and ask Sharehound Hollars.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the worth of the Martin professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the September Star, the head of Scottish Cart rat that needs Hollywood desperately -- needs the Holocaust geniuses -- but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Self needs his help, but he responds to it, and bubble with bitter on each of the mysteries each of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally at "The Six Neonstrussan] Averson: once Hollars come in, he saved all of us with his solution, and he reaches up to Hollywood and says, "We are not closes, Mr. Hollars.
We're proud of you."
And it tells you that there is no person in Scottish Larry who didn't want to shake her hands.
It's one of the times that we see Homosexual transferred in history. I think this is very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to be trained as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Mount Hill is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being the resident.
Could it still be so simple?
What happens if the colleagues are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist ourselves from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the plans of continents.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
Only the fighting of the clothes are delicate.
The fiction used to be done, invite the table.
And look at what I played -- the flash Petria, the terrifying Tom Repposition, the crazy Sanda, the same Mark Protocol.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Albard jumped outside of the Apollo 11 of Apollo and descended over the Marshall Sea.
Armstrong and Albardi were alone, but their presence in the surface gray gray was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace time in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program finished, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on his surface, which Albard after Armstrong death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of turning, 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 percent of the time would be empathized later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why is the moon.
Why do it turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain off?
35 years ago, why are I flying on the Atlantic.
Why do I play Rice against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Poetry: For the contemporary contacts, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the East Cold War.
At the time, the most strong emotion was to be managed to get the power of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the principles were eradicated.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Hop in 1970, called accelerating force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a boat with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 100 crew flew at 40,000 miles per hour.
Since 1970, no human has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism of the power of technology has evolved to see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to have been investigating.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the escape tube called the Sacred Vietname rocket.
I knew that this would be the last mission to move, but I was completely sure I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard that for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have been distributed and generated with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated window.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a weird explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years that Intel and Microsoft and Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk of risk caused that the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their point with no worrying about the risk, they preferred small investment, the inner investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CAICome, they have always had trouble investing in technologies as an energy, which need a huge capital and which development is in the long term, and they have never invested in the development of technologies that are meant to solve large problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biology. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biodiversity.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties are going to increase the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem to look like technology, they are not going to be.
We know for the time that famines are the result of failure in the food repair of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect catastrophic food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food, but there will be humbles while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and just over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be presented, political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a model of infrastructured in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no controlled competition as in the Cold War, there is not a policy like John Kennedy who reflects the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're just in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reminded you all of the pervasive ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that they've become the clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a reconception: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task have been interested with it.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recovery, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First the recovery, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I lean to think that there may be distributed in some activities or institutions and that could have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can come to the polls of opinion, and the positions of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that trust has disappeared.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians continue to inspire the same descendance.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they're still pretty confident, judges.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half the road.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they do certain questions.
Does it trust us? Does trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the strongers?
Do you trust the fisherments?
Do you rely on primary teachers?
You'd probably start to ask yourself, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you have answered your question, "Well, I trust some of them, but in other people."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to replicate trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a certain kind of official, work or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
So I could say, for example, I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the lesson class, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, perhaps, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is different, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ways?
I believe that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to forget the good judgment in fact to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue for.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is meritocratic of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I am a part of not trusting what it's not reliable.
And I think that those people who deployed their savings with the very closely named Mr. Maddrey, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confused.
To have more confidence is not an intelligent target in this life.
It trust deposited or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say, it says, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitions? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competent in personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a worthy of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible you couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent, honest and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter in the mail because they're forgeting.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely disability.
If it is, I still haven't been perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, confidence before you trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accounts of accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and others, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper that will be stopped in it."
And we find the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional lives, that the account system of accounts that are destined to guarantee confidence and trust testing, is actually doing the opposite.
So what they do is to differentiate the work of people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, by demanding that "Bottle the Chains: as we say.
I sure all of you know about similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we were trying to be confident and we would convey to the people that we're reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are confidence worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- which doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task rebuild trust, put things back into it.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is a distinctive because we give them other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be a worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't engage -- usually all the people, all the time.
But you also need to be able to deliver the reliable evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That makes a daily everywhere, everywhere, the ordinary people, the workers, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my strikes says I can get them back without giving explain.
I take them and give me the money, or I change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they were vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing out is not very hard to discover.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be broken.
This separation has been reducing, more and more and more, at such a point that today is less than one minute, the glass of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong supply against the screen is going to be able to transfer its physical body to prisoners.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Discovery of Microsoft Apple, along with my mentor May Boundar, I redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a visual bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pieces directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, to select them is as easy as grab a book of a steel.
You can smell the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that has down every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
And if we invest the paper and make digital information come towards us?
Of course, many of us will have bought things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual problem on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transparent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator Remel Post, we created this only physical paradigm.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
So simulating, what we did was we announced gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detectors.
And when we program digitally the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance and the famous take Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show you something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a guy for two years in Human, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly create that there was just a closing path to happiness, a safe job and a remarkable job.
No matter if the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer for me.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the approaches, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adult hit the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing that I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I turned out to look for another vaccine.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I got to the books.
"The "The High House "I Little Stop." I got to the United States of National History."
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese campus.
And it's not self-interest.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation, "Holdentine your father and your mother."
"Honey: I said, "It's so different, and much better than they will go."
So it became my tool to get out of this comfort of confusion and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
I found it with a new culture also gave me my computer reading habit.
It was a lot of perspective.
For example, the beginning of this map was to me, because this is what students in China learn learning.
I had never occurred to myself, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contracting, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked for research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat the people who are "Bank Francis] from Walterland Islands "With David Associations from David McGowan who were involved in a very same question, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha are all psychologists, surgeon, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Cape Talk The Time Middle Times Middle Times way instead of losing in translation.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "playing "play."
And "Nording" in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from past and present.
I know I'm not going to feel just or powerless ever.
Having a self-definitely dead dream is nothing compared to what many other others have been.
I have come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a destinated dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, that I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books are always acting them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychopath of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in Belahin clinical psychology.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using sports and a holy cap -- he threw on the couch of my office took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so hardware.
My class of class had a signal as a first client as a client.
And I had a vessel that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head while we went back to the solution.
"The transistors are the new Venices," he said, "Alice, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get home after, you have children later, to death goes after that.
For the versions like Alex and I had a time of about it.
But shortly after, my supervisor, I was ready to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was sustainable.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under his category, he deals with a head head, but it's not like it was to marry him."
And then my supervisor, he said, "No, but maybe he married the next one.
Also, the best time to work in Alex marriage is before it cares."
This is what psychologists call a "Middle Momantell."
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20s.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign negative was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his love life but for the careers, the families and the future of vessels everywhere.
There are 50 million versions in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody gets to the adult without going on before the two.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the versions here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with versions, you love a vessel, you remove your dream a vessel, I want to see -- it's fine. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go at 35 years.
This means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and times "Ah "Ah "I have shaped your life would have gone for when you get 30 and so on.
People from more than 40, don't go into panic panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final growth stage in their 20s and reproduces for adults, which means that if there is something you want to change yourself now, it's the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at the age of 28 and things become complicated.
The 20 are time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where his daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vessels are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20, an extended adolescence.
journalists are taking ridiculous names to the versions like "The Twitter and "city?"
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernanco said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give you palms on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart versions like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as a race begins before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are for finishing and I still have nothing to show yet.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all ran and fun, but then at some point about 30, it turned out the music and all started to sit up.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30."
Where are the versions here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When a lot of things are left by the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the traged, and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick a mate, and have two or three children in a much smaller period of time.
A lot of these things are not compairians, and there are research that start to show that it's much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once to the 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Notice you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of traits and forests look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was he doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the vessels are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still can't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a wall.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, I showed more temperature than an ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult life, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He was clearly crying in our sessions. But then she raised himself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came into his head on his legs and cry for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for address, and had spent the whole morning filling it up with her many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that follows after the words "In Earth -- please call me ..."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have an automatic accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I was very hard to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex just like to just sit in the U.S. decisive decade in front of me.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all self-destruction, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I said to Emma that would forget about that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to its person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Emma career, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that internal one, that company that you want to test with.
I'm not describing the self-definitely exploration, I'm describing the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's property.
I told Emmanuel that I would explore jobs and I would tell them.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to take you into the airport, but the versions that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in how much who they know about, what they know about, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go out almost always comes from its closest circle.
The new things come from what they call the weak friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the versions have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the shape of this group.
Half the jobs created never published, then, to meet the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a non-zero-sum job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
For last but not least, Emma thinks that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a version, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a partner and shaped his own family.
I said to Emma that the time to pick his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to sit up than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to pick the person with what you live now or act now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To pick your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill your time with whatever you choose to you.
So what happened to Emmim?
Well, we looked at that direction, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That labor force gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
This married one man who chose constantly.
He loved his new career, he loved his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with versions.
It's very easy to help you.
The vessels are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, which come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the display, a slight attack in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in First.
In the same way, at the age of 21, and even at the end, a good conversation, a good discovery, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the versions that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling you to versions like Emma every day, and the transistors are not the new 20, they are going to take their adult and get identity capital, they use their weak links -- pick your family.
Don't let you define what you didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful job in general consulting for a work that was even more extended, the decosion.
I went to teach them mathematics to graduate students in New York public schools.
And like any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that the I.Q. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better performance had no patterns of I.Q. patterns.
Some of my smartest children weren't doing so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in seventh math seriously, safe, are hard, proportions, decisions, the area of a calculation.
But these concepts are not impossible and it was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivating perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
It's the C. but what if you're successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a faster and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and went to university to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Pole.
We tried to predict what chains would stay in military training and who would be reduced.
We went to the National Content of Deletic and tried to predict what children would move as far as possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those who will be the most effective time to improve the results of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking us, which of these marketers are going to keep their job for work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature came out as an important predictive of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was determinent.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to get to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as a marathon -- not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in Chicago public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who were doing my determination questions, and then wait about over a year to see who they were graduated.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly higher chance of graduating, even when I pushed them into every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of the standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Content of Department in which the determining determination. It's also in school, especially for children in risk of dropping it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid typical job?
How do I keep them motivated for the long play?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determine.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determine is completely not related or is even related to the talents of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called "growth mental."
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol December, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. December has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they are much more likely to supply when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I will finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger innovations, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all of the new things with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a capital, one of my most stressed memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extra foreign, it seems as impressed as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can take this market, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, research messages -- understanding the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person that's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a front way, "Liberal -- I'm being started -- this symbol is actually original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple door doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's "work."
As the old said, two are company, three are multiplicity.
If one person would be your arms, this person is saying, "It was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is carried.
It's a prisoner as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a story --  Easy to remember, because a paralyzed tree is pretty ideal.
Remember the fire.
Two fires together, makes it very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, support.
Three together, those are streams.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. And Angeles.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the sign of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Toy, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, slowly, available.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, are discussing two women.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've already gone through nearly 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next eight characters group will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of cartoons, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after meeting the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano mountain.
We know Japan is the land of the night sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So one sun next to us, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese workers were brought beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a same.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad are the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film mastered their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glamour, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic various.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantastic spectrum of childhood fantasy.
However, the Omega magician was an event on itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took four years later with that, interestingly, another film whose protests, a metal of metal and a hairy kid rescued a girl dress as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there is a couple of great differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the OEC magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician, the magician would say, "Dopico, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magical shoes to defeat the computers generated by the computer brown computer.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz map is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even villages are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Of only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  So he went down in the room and I was impressed as a mom foot with his patents behind it, and I don't think he understood what happened, but sadly, he would absorb everything.
I wonder what a percentage.
Would they be a self-interest and self-interest and legislation?
Would it have a sense that Luke is an army to run the government?
Let's compare this to the One March of 1932.
How do I win Doring His film?
making good friends with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow OK, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the yellow lab way?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know for experience that the Lewis princess doesn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults that is military.  I think at the time of the first kiss -- I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why do you keep there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to the children, even though they do, the guys are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and delightful like Hermer and Kates, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after all, each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who have a little girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, eventually Valley came out.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when it came out Valleys?"
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess of a principles.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been rainfally raised, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alan Beck is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend about the evolution of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done, in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
Their conversations are about something more about the kid than so much like it?  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women that exist and talk about things with each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, Arabia.
Right? Ruminals of Oscar, a consumer success idea of what a Hollywood film film is.
Virtually not the Beijing test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the reference crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations on this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come on to bed, car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's stay in the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them believe they have female protests?
Right. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a larger number that this is going to detect this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
Nor I believe that music or pornography videos are closely linked but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is that there are a lot of sexual advances.
Who are those guys? What are these guys learning?
What don't you get to learn.
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we assigning that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools of our device like post-conflict, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, do you make power is going to protect you, at the same time, active or passively we are educating our children to keep their male power mass?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of malaria is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the algorithm.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character by Star Wars know what he responded to?
Obama.
Khambita and Glamou.
What do these two have in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories where you tell my son, and you see and struggle only and more stories where you see that your job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people better, to help other people better and better people, like the magician of OK.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I liked it was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these cars.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to looking for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me collecting them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that to see my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Nigeria.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared picture.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Bear.
And the place, in the naked view, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared thing, and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called "urgent, lost for thousands of years.
Israeli was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Father, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great rise of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Israeli was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge planning of clinic.
This area is enormous, it measures about six miles for four kilometers.
Before, the Nigeria is right on the side of Israeli, and as it changed over time, he went to the east and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city based on an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it to the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a leave, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball goods.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nigeria flows.
But you can see more detailed and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it might be the location of Israeli.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show jobs. You can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample of sample in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five feet down, under a thick thick layer -- we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Israeli, five feet down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Israel.
We also found period jobs, coral, square and car, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the mass of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Israeli here, but we'll go back to place in a nearby future to locate it.
And more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Israeli 400 years ago.
sharing knowledge is most of all vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 D.C.
They make ideas really happen in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine coats in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine outside the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that you're done.
Now they visualize a group of obese systems in bicycles.
They're competing in a storytelling career of bikes, and they're going to address their front door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're losing strong, they're supplying, they are jumping a lot.
And they collide in front of the door of your house.
There are bicycle flying all over the place, wheels that go on their side, raises of the wheels that end up in abstract places. They pass the door of the door.
The lobby, the hallway or what is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, and the light is shining on the Dallas Monterey.
He is waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them tickle in your nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell the oats.
They put on the side and train their living room.
In the room, and making a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Presidents.
He's with a little clothes, dancing over his center message, singing "Hey, said, "Bad Moran" Baby.
Now I'm going to go to cooking.
The soil has been coated with a yellow path and from the oven come to you Dorous, the Man of Heath, the Spansis and the League of "The Wizard of "The Magical of Orange," the sand of hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that is conducted every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memories."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for this, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
Compare to see who could be able to memorize the order of a front bar.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be nature phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one, it's a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Edend, when do you realize you were a saberband?"
Ed said, "I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these miracle acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented about 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Circle used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize the books" funding."
And my reaction was, "Come on. How did I not hear from this before?
We were standing outside the hall of competition, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit excitement, he said, "Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Presidents?"
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Presidents how to memorize the order in a live land bar in national TV.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Presidents, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something not?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
And I ended up spending most of the next year not only by training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what it can be your potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Epib.
He's ambitious, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Perfel. He was based on the role of Dough Hope in the Rand Man movie.
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized phone guides -- it was centralized.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and grown wasn't as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to supply their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
We've changed culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of trained memory, disciplined and farmed is this complex competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Do you want to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or antibiotically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually no.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they shared them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they climbed their brains while they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow couples, found that in memory champions were lit in parts of the brain, different to others.
They were actually used, or they seem to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as a armed career where every year appears somebody with a new way to remember more things, faster quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times a memory camp.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 delighted fans of fans that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that he only mastered him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 41,000 random binary digits.
Half a hour. Yeah.
And as there are a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end to a single concept that psychologists call "completely "construction construction.
You illustrate with an elegant paradox known as the Banduar paradox. (Ball says the following: I say to two people who remember the same word. I say to you. Remember that there's a man named Baker."
That's his paper.
And then I ask them, "You remember there's a ball "pain."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you about a story?"
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that their name is Baby is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his work is "Batring."
The same word, different memory capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Balma, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that they dance for their head.
But the word, "Bathering -- we know whatsoever.
They use symbolic hats simulated.
They have flour in their hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some slide.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting astronomical scars to find them very easily, at some point back.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in ancient Greece.
It's known as the "all of the memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simons that attended a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't brought to a DJ: He hired a poet.
He stood out of foot, and he took his memory poem, and she turned down, and so soon he was gone, the band called the bank collapse.
They all get them all.
But it didn't just kill them all, but it destroyed the bodies to let them removed.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting down.
So you couldn't get your bodies into your bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similar, standing outside, unique survival, in the middle of the rubble, close their eyes and realized that with their eyes of his mind, I could see where every single invention had been sitting on.
He took the families in the hand taking them into where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What Simor did in that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it's that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or word instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional spatial memory.
If I ask you to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse standing brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with your eyes of your mind and publish it of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, the funny, writing, writing the image, more innovative to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memories of memory, in Latin, at the first time.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that you have done it if you invited it to TEDx about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to figure out some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that competition completely installed.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Monterey of the Dallas mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Presidents to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk would be that strange journey that they made for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, no word for word, which will confuse them but typical by typical.
In fact, the typical term comes from Greek "posture: that means place."
It's a glimpse of when people thought about the office and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place: it would be like the first place in his memory stick.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got away from it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something outside about this subject of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a paleontamate event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting on testing texts. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is making the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school hole bought in a toy market.
And I discovered this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertaining because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it is actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, protection, institutions, abstract and financial eyes, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty pleased with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of edges and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory period experiment.
I thought this could serve a good piece for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need to be able to build memory patients or memorize Native Fars, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift. But it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we deeply focused on.
The heart of memory -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even attitude.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of the people are not going to be experiencing around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things do memorial.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, it's what EP, the amount that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so hollered that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remembering it.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from St. Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Livers, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that gave the living room.
And there everyone was going to see the teacher. So every time I was going from my room to the bathroom, everybody would see me, and every time I was shown and wrapped up in a towel -- everyone would see me.
And I was like this.
It was strange, insecure and hated it.
He hated that record, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready it.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not of division of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we occupy in.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
It's 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
That means that when I show you a building like this, I know what excites you -- think about power, stability and democracy."
And I know you think about it as well as being built in a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a destination that architects use to create emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the urbanization and the governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Livers that are ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome -- it has this kind of round thing, columns red, red brick -- that let the children be trying to communicate with this building, the children, the property values of property -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So, how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of the so-called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the plant.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new hypotheses, new solutions for current life forms.
We started, we push and we push so much, we get away completely from people.
All black, this gets depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back and connect with those appropriate symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like transistors, so we start experimenting again -- we have to scan the plant back ahead and over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the broadcast call."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be guessed.
Small windows on a disability scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the block again in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know that we like and update them.
We add together and add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We took Chaples Charles and turn them into records, which can be silent climate climates made of glass.
The forms were going on, they won in audacity and color.
The bones became column.
The customers grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we move to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
Pretty much with a bread.
This is what happens with postmine.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tonya.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start making the link again in the other direction.
In the 1980s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decodes.
We download the historical symbols -- now we have new design techniques available by computers, and we find new compositions.
This is academic and embrace, and it's super implanted, one is completely excused.
Normally, the scanning plant again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guanarian Gungagoon, by Frank George.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those weird moments when criticism, academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
New York Times hated this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased about 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical ways, how can you become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media were gardened around them, and quickly we learned that those forms meant culture and tourism, and the traits.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning of new millennials happened with other star architects.
It happened to Zaylom and Library, and what happened to these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
So think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to have walked to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be the tourists.
Acceleration technology. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before we know about four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen again. I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture since the invention of concrete.
My theory is that when you apply the plant to media, it starts to get faster and faster, until you get to be in both extremes almost in simulation, and it's effectively the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came in.
This is the center of a village called Pinkers Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the end product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started getting and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes the collective memory corruptions, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think of architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Liver.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet for new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, innovation about what a library might be.
That's municipalities.
ammunition that can lead to the mayor of Livers, to the people in Liver, and tell them there's no unique response to what a library is today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use big words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a developed public that doesn't accept something that has never seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't leave the article for architecture.
That means that the dark plant from one style to another, of one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the architecture of architecture, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sex can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we ultimately will be ready for the ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are tied to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sports or for yoga.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River in New York City, and to raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bit of bread, as muscle and fiber like the animals that are going to look at.
Because no longer matter if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings and smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
Find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stan.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it makes it a great way, typical of the children in a year, taking up, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It falls and chicken, and it gives themselves these big and favorite kisses itself.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of their friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, "When do I stop doing this?
How is it that we are not comfortable with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I happy?"
This is Fey, 13 years old and lives in Dennett.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fighting.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little confused because, even though his mom says all the time, it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you that it's ugly.
Between what his mom says and what his friends, or school classmates say, he doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of her himself, put it on YouTube, and he asks others to please pay a comment -- "Am I nice or am I happy?
Well, so far, Fey has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so delicate, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current, which receives these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate like this.
But what is bringing them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about, charity, giving "I like "I like to eat, saying, sharing, publishing this never ends.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected, is abandoning our children to self-surface based on the number of "I like to have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There is no division between a online life and the real life.
It's really difficult to know the differences between what's real or what it is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated in it.
What is the most salient thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cut from the news of girls now.
Zere mountain models continue to dominate our spaces.
The analogy technique is now a routine.
And trends like, "Sharotoby, shooting, block and poster.
For those of you who find it, it supply means protection.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the sports stars, and the standards of the sports.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be very well-being individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as human beings and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in class debates -- they avoid participating in the classroom debates because they don't want to call attention for their physical performance.
One in five are not going to classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the exam, if you don't think you see you well enough, specifically if you don't think you're delightful enough, you will get a smaller note to the average of your fellow fellow who don't care about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it gets independent from what they actually weigh these young people.
So, so that it's very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is depressing academic performance.
And it's also applicating health.
Teenagers with anti-and-a-half additions do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more non-life diet than they can bring them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think that's because of what they make more risky decisions like alcohol and drug consumption, dramatic surgery, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early age and without protection and humiliation damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is presenting the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have or they have no higher rates of insulin.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day that they don't feel secure with the way they look like.
Think for a moment what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity.
release this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking for themselves, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow is not only going to have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires every one of us that we take the bonds on the issue, and we are a better model to continue for women and girls in our own lives.
Challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell with the evolution of our politicians in cortex or the size of their chest, or to imagine that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not as they see.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you got a mirror off?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children are going to grow all of their people, valuing the individual, the diversity, the inclusion of it.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a fish.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out in the big screen, because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they can never keep them from being who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who has in mind?
Do you have your wife.
Is it to his sister.
Is it to his daughter to his daughter.
Your subject to your sand?
It could just be the woman who is two distances away, and what would it mean for her if he was released from that autonomous voice in his interior, that adapts to not have long legs -- get more declared, a more flat, feet more pleasured?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would be able to bring it up to its potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all of them.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's think that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and for how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trafficking of a year of age, they become agents of safe change agents tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Student North went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Kaneya law, the leader of the Defense Jewish League leader.
The North Alexingtoine would initially put it innocent -- but being ready for other charges better, in company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels and Singapore and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans.
Sadly, the 1993 pump in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
More afternoon, Norden would be convicted by his participation in that attention.
Stanford North is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a love American mother, primary school teacher. In the two people did everything to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, including most Muslims -- they get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact -- don't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are terrified so hard to their convictions that they think we have to use all the possible media so that everyone lived like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last week, he and some friends had been going to sleep training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the store of the Carlett Sirch, which our group was visited by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold the rifle. And I was explaining how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave to the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of us, especially me, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle became to the other and in Arabic, he said, "I stunned an abuse."
From such father, such a son.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it seemed so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a card in charge with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center -- causing an explosion that killed six people and injured another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "ambiguon: which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times -- that instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was time to employ and go to another city.
As I was always me the new face of the class often was a magic victim.
I was confident by my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and refrigerator, it was enough municipality.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- to grow up under failures, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So, how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I tried to test my thinking was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a college program that I participated in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence, as I had been victims of math almost all my life, which was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship was Jewish.
I took several days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before I had a Jewish friend of mine, and I was very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life was made to believe that it was inflating.
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life was taught to me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the mushrooms were bad influence.
By accident. I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I was able to see that several of them were the most gentle and less critics I'd ever seen in life.
Having been used as a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat the kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know how that is to be hominid, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Danian Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my intelligence, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he became my battery figure at a time when I was desperately doing it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely extreme, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that will keep in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless dominance and said, "I'm tired of hated."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zachurd Earth.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to lead to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, which even though I came up with this violent and intelligent ideology I didn't get to make me fantastic.
In contrast, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak against those anti-companies as a rejection to my father's actions.
And with this simple I'm exposed to me as proof that violence is not inherently religious or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you really much.
At this point, there's a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-making movie.
It's in 3D and it has surface sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a shot, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger -- your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as the moments of your childhood who are projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness of it.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we don't be aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that are processes that we get to produce results without experiencing the intrinsic movie to the internal movie of the internal movie internally?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there may never be a science of consciousness.
Because over the entire 20th century, I predicted that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior objectively -- neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's the moment for science to address consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flow of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kangarian presented a few minutes ago.
We now understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or to feel happy.
But this is still a science of corruption.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not going to offend neurogenesis.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't know the real mystery of this material -- why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness, right?
Why is there a subjective internal movie here?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the power, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all of the cases of emergent behaviors, how the entrepreneurs operate -- how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and add the living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question for why is it that every behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-interest that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stay at this point.
We have a wonderful explanation chain, great. We used to this -- the physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that are at the beginning to seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan DennettCC, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there's no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and this is what you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the very reliable consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental labs: space, time and mass.
They provide fundamental laws that governments, as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
On the contrary, you consider fundamentalism, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is aligned.
In the 19th century, Mahama discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of preventive concepts, space, time, mass -- Newton's laws -- so I put the basic laws of New Newton -- and I put electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- prevention space, space, time, mass, charge, then by logic of logic, you have to pull the list.
The most natural thing would be to play consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to manage it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can break them into a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can be in a shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passions: "Player: "Player: "Plastic by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Kilka -- the elementary particles.
Even a photo has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photo can be full of distress when you think about, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw feeling -- subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anybody think that crazy?
This comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space and time and mass -- is natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's worth noticing that even though the idea seems to be illegal, it's much less for the people of different cultures where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there are information processing, there's awareness.
Complex information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something really exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Ginger Tonicial, took this kind of theory and develop it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called the Pyr, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of music, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration of information, as significant as a fairly important degree of consciousness.
But when you get to the worms of the limits, microbes -- particles, the degree of the picture is scared.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tonician theory, there will still be a level of consciousness different consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of picture, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that psychiatrists can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of the equations come from?
From the specific view, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically -- describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not in the physical world as a kind of additive species.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the psychological vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so I had to be vegetable.
If you're a school and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think by thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral conservations, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the "Hey Hermingo" movie.
Is it conscious?
According to the visual information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you plant pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of getting them off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective collections, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness.
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk, and at this point, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this full TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this pace visit is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, than the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I went together with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's high, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Star Six Mars Vagina and "Doubts Creation."
Yes, I know. What contraction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mexico, just after about 20 minutes in the classroom 11 of legal studies, a guy raised her hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your speech?"
And I said, "What's speech?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of data for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about instant things in school?"
"Planner, in the acting room.
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had some experiences with disabilities like inspiration objects.
And we're not. And it's not the fault of the girl, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our markets.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire you.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and probably you're waiting to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to describe you structured.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to the disability.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is something bad, to mass, May mass.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make you exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through media in social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this one another, "Before I left, it is inspired."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil holding out of the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately -- because they refer to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we are challenging the disability of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, very bad that my life, could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I have lost the account of the number of times I've been approached strange to express that you think I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to challenge.
These images, those images are challenging people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome aren't the things that you might think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "people disabled," deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we're more disabled because of the society in which we live than because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to pull out the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to take them in the way we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this insight that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here doing inspiration here, and you think, "Oh God, Stanford, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I'm going to learn that it's a cool idea to use a lot of barrels to collect the things that fall to me --  learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that excellents and considered.
I really believe that that lie that you've sold us about disability is the biggest injustice of disability.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad activation: the reason that that is lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a staircase has never made it never to become a rare.
Never --   Sonar to a television screen will not appear to the subtle people for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and involving a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brand.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Buddhist the Vasting Saman doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school of Meland is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair of wheels.
Disconnection doesn't make us accurate, but to question what you think you know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the augmented reality and professional football with the empathy?
And what is the average speed of a gold golden?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't deliver.
When people think about augmented reality, think of "Minority Report" and Tom Craig and the hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I wear putting, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see.
So let me experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110-year-old man chasing us, trying to pick up with all of his being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NASA practice, because the idea of the emerging NASA is a submarine going up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kleybum: Let's go.
It's horrible to be killed.
A moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Klaye: As you can see, it's a probability of what is being beaten in the football field, from the perspective of the shoe.
You'll have noticed that missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cortex from the University of Washington.
Martine of Field, Rats 54." Ragassor 54."
Blue eight, Blue 8." Go!
Chris Zalland, this is a little bit more to the feeling of being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
Fantases want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and Twitter -- you can see from the angle of a field market.
Or about a road?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of fill -- how do we take it into the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Hills Riofer, which is surely a lot of you already know.
The Rick Rice has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain by having his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adam Peter crossing the line, taking away from an arm with the arm before they run and make an antibiotics? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Messary running through the shoe, pulling the bullet down at the bottom of the network? Or would you be able to do a game in Window?
What will your experience when it descends from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic skull?
Maybe they increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Reviature.
How do we achieve augmented reality, Rwanda?
We will get the augmented reality when the coaches and the markets and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win particles?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So here is a brief report about technology at NASA.
In 1965, the Patries of Baltimore put a wrist to their field marketing to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NASA placed radio in the hull of the markets and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entrepreneur.
In 2013, imagine that they are a player coming back to their group and see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic view that they carry on. You don't have to worry about forgetting a player.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parts of you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your party to play the game.
How would it go?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the algorithms, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be sending it.
The bad ones will have some information.
This would differentiate good teams of bad guys.
So your computer team will be as important as your recovers, and the data analysis will stop being just for neurons.
Who would have imagined it?
What would it be like in the country?
Imagine that you're the field market.
You get the bullet and back.
You look at an open receiver. All of a sudden, a floating on the left part of your bombsight is given you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the system of Rooy available you.
You move to the protection area.
Another float points you there is an open receiver.
You toss the balloon, but you give you the balloon.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, yet the receptor sees in your bombsight a grass area that lit up and can modify the race.
It gets taken, it catches the ball, running and and and she goes around.
The public are sticking and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use it just as bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, being in the other person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports legs.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much does this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much does this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to live being protected?
How much does it come to a Halland Commander or a Neil Department Tissonia trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly notes and Karolins?
Ladies and gentlemen, augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges we face and the challenges that we face, depend on us.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service at the Higgs patrol of California.
Most of those 23 years I was holding them out of the southern edge of the County County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known in the world of its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Strips, who had been able to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is basically to suicide testing.
The suicide from the bridge is no practice or probability."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take it to another dimension -- this bridge has been idealized as such, so that the each one of them releases you from all your concerns and pain and the waters that go down to clean your soul.
But let me tell you that when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact break the bone, some of which will drill vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't normally ride in the helpless water, and then they add.
I don't think that the ones who are contemplating this method of suicide are aware of the market that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 storms of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are standing before they get rid of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in your darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year, while this young man spoke to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the ball.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who continue suicide, but the officials as well.
We've run a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychological officials train new officials today.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22, last year when I got a call from a very suicide subject.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge officer.
Jason was only 32 years old and had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I'd flown up here twice before New Jersey to try and suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, we were asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology -- Zenomets created Pantheon, and he sent it to Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pant, and she opened the box.
It came out of the planes, windows, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open your box and there's no hope?
He stopped in the right, leaned on the right, and it left.
This small and smart guy from New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked her.
The collateral damage of suicide affects many people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out suicide?
What would you say?
What do you say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, causes, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think someone is suicide -- you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is, "Do others in similar circumstances have thought about making their life -- you've had these thoughts?
Confidence to the person in front of it can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- impact, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son on the 19th of January, and he wrote to me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with her permission and benefits that I read them.
"Hello, Kevin. I imagine you're in the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends, etc.
I'm still quite insight, but by noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 party with his father on the 19th of January.
I never got there.
I called the Peter police and reported it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and report me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 150 percent of the late day.
Thanks very much to fight for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffer a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be that easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GGB, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Vicky."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and pull the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a very suicide subject in the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I watched this man, Kevin Bergen, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the ball up, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day I'll come back to that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make you go back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me.
They let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to get them to you.
"Dear Britain British, nothing will erase the 11 of March events, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin goes with us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was climbing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been properly medical.
Kevin to Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious from all of those inherited traits, but thank God, now we know it.
Kevin is in order, like he says.
We give God for you.
In debt with you, Nanopatch Berkeley in debt.
And at the end she wrote, "Phoenix. When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out like the patient.
"I know I had to solve.
Today, Kevin is a expensive father and active member of society.
I talk openly about the events of that day and depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was supported with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
Typically, this is only achieved by three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and solid calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
On the final cliff, I looked at it, and he said, "Kindber, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one they left the ball they realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had ever since child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
By the complicated reason, I will be going to get back in later when I look at this picture I think, the Gene General, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that, I mean, I'm beginning.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberating, to get rid of the limitations of the skin or the beliefs of who surround us.
They're people who always defy the status quo who, what is considered accepted in.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, a lot of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
And I think this light is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as a kid when I was born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to self-surface.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that it is actually more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never opened up sharing my story, not because I thought I'll be what I'm bad, but how the world is about those of us who want to be released.
Every day I appreciate being woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the guys.
And when I was eight, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries here.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me, this is the kind of woman that I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transgender beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty conference?
He told me that if I participated and she would get rid of the inspiration spending and the selfish spending -- and that night, I won in a bathroom suit, I won in a gallery suit and was a third end between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a Queen of transfer of transgender women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the depressed, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my application from the green card that I could go live to the United States.
I was resisted.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm being divided.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful beach."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two "yes" to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and secure.
At that time, in the U.S., it was necessary to do surgery before changing the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and the Female Gene Festive."
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a track, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy for me.
Suddenly, my fears were ministed.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman in the name of America Netts.
A young woman in New York who would basically live his truth, but he was destroyed, he put his life up.
For many of my community, that's the reality in which they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global surveillance for the Congress Day of Transportation.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fought and stood up to the injustice.
These are Martin P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here to expose to you, so that someday there is no more surveillance.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General, a quick question.
George Rockett: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my benefits.
The support network, my parents especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women who have organized, and sometimes when they call me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I would call my mom and say, "Mommy, you can call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all take a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table on the table that sometimes that non-lethal assistance, and that there should be a space that allows people to self-defined, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting with gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. Grandma: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were handled in 2011, when he was concerned by the National Prize Judi Prize, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a little girl, their birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed to have a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it considers, and with the hope of a son, when he struggles his third daughter, he feels guilty like a criminal.
Not only the mother goes up, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when it grows, it suffers as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school admit to his brothers at home.
Until 12 years old, in some ways, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when he was 13 years old, he was provided to come out of his house without a male application.
It's confined to the four walls of your house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if it reaches the code of that assumptions, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption code is not only affecting the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members in the family.
So this brother, savings the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters on behalf of the honor.
And there's a norm of the patriarchal societies that's called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very clean, very humble and very suspended.
It's the criterion of it.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of his father and mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if he doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a distant slide.
If you get very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it distant.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poetry, "The bars, they love it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it involves the same lesson of reference to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
I loved brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Madaga, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at it, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Ball."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years, I admired her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl manager in a school?
Yeah, I must mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
Interesting in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
A school administration means that he's entered the dream of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks earlier, when I started the Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the reporters of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill in your personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've involved all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
He used education for employer.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the salest call.
Who loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It's called talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use signs and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the little girls and the silved singers, the killers.
They suffer millions, but a few of them, and it was scary to have around those people who kill and ride when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi got up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, and she offered her for the documentaries of the New York Times, and he talked to every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a wire around the world.
And that was why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine in October 2012, they were shot to burn in the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, he whispered to my wife to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter?"
And he immediately said, "Please don't blame you.
It defines the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and you get together.
Both of them were on the right path and God protected it.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask myself again.
When Mandela was in the hospital and he had severe and strong pain pains, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained, though.
I used to say, "I'm well with my straight smile, and with the excitement in my face.
I'll put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and it was constantly.
Who loved brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon because of the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has been so bold to Malawi so brave and expressing and equality?"
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Mountain group of Google, where I've had a diagram to my office, the visualization of Google X, but all the work I'm talking about today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you take a brain operation.
Are you just as smart or not?
If that won't be that intelligent?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix muscles, and try to get them, to go with life.
More than once I've saved a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my automation, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of an airplane, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've known a number of guys like this, or maybe some very busy versions of them.
It turned out like a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a little bit aware.
In fact, I was trying to figure out a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through.
What I was trying to do when I could adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so forth, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to do new ideas and by making situations in it.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophists like Humber, Descartes and Hobbes see things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are those people who are aware of this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. For me, it's simple: for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have a lot of great mental images, really virtually, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to get these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to address the world that has the front of the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way the creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups that are based on neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, which is a functional magnetic resonance image to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain scan done by Girability Gandos and his Harvard colleagues in Harvard Gandos.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual while I imagine, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by restoring the contents of the central column of the left on the left -- you see that the difference is almost none.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost none.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galaxy lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recognize visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great event of brain reactions to video sequences.
And then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while it was so much recorded a new scanner.
The computer -- using only the brain information of the scan that was wired to show what seemed the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer decompitions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us bottle.
We're okay to do that.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was led to the brain scanning systems of the highest available resolution today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't stand for that.
A lot of people are providing new project projection techniques, even me, by counting with the recent MRI outcome, we need to ask ourselves the following, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets but at this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like making a spirituality.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the MRI were to really make big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in terms of research and brilliant solutions in code and decoding, in the transmission and the frequency of FM radio frequency in the MRI systems.
In turn, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing -- we can increase massive information that can be extracted in a single scanner.
In addition, we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the flow of blood organic, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking about it?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filtering?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's disease.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have algorithms.
Your closet, maybe to say to some person for the first time that love it or say to someone who's pregnant or saying to someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
All arm is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and having come out of that closet is universal.
Give fear and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side Walker Catholic -- a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through a number of phases of the intelligence of the liberal military -- not to take my armpits to quote the letters of Ana David Francisco as a slow.
And I will be preparing that because of the hull of my short screen, and I had an effect on my head, and I would usually ask a small child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl."
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would squeeze my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a store of anger.
The father would immediately run the newspaper and the mother would release a cold look at his son.
But I was not going to say anything, and I wound up inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?"
A family silence -- but this time I was ready and was about to go into the female issues on the table --  I had the quote from Betty Fried.
Gloria Steven quote.
Even a picture of the "Vagina Monsters that I would show you.
So I breathe down and down the look and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist stick, just a girl with a question: "Are you a kid or a girl or a girl or a girl of girl?
And so breathing back again, I got closes close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a child, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than a little girl of a common link."
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a speech, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the speech I asked?"
It was the easiest difficult conversation of all of us ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the screen and I, both of us were honest one with the other.
As many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an archaeological.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my closet, is not different from yours or yours or yours.
And surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet, was harder to get out of your closet, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying it has been foreign?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son that you're going to divorce you?
There's no more difficult, there's only how hard.
We need to stop claiming what is hard to us with respect to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
Somewhere in our lives, we all live in angiogenesis, and they may make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are, a rain is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and spot shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four years of four years old to go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, contracted in a corner of my dark closet, by taking my big gay grain, and the moving one muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I have spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable graves was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the individuals knew that it was gay, and when I was doing my honor ladies, in my black dress and the tons, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me were years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Lind."
And the gay line battle had begun.
"Ahyday, ever been in the Cars?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco friends."
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's a big thing.
"Ahyday, you know my Astronouncinco statistically.
It's very good and never talked about having a single single single."
"Ahy, what's your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will.
And you know who we love it? Jack who?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, described but waiting to show you desperately his support, to make me know that I was from my side, finally said broadly, "Well, sometimes my husband uses rossible stands."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grains of grain.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt losing.
It's not very hard to find them and realize that they were burning.
And what else can you ask someone, but would you be struggling?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
It's just like the hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means is going out of any army is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take your army. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no army, but I was ready for battle.
If you want someone to be generous, others must know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be direct -- I'll just say it. Regret your cards.
If you know they're gay, to say it.
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important --  They leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
You have never been discovered by that.
And some of you can go out serious injured by what you've done, but you never get rid of what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel determined, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a spark dark employment, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boll. Enjoy the store.
What is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Expensive Dianthrophopes that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim."
When I was an Ex-engine Disney wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of the computer like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which doesn't have any concept about Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain moment in time, the asteroids that would be delighted by the surface of a planet just stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that would be, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjust to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of future possible.
Finally, in robotic motion, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes that?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent of a E = me for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future -- yes, to an imminent future time, too.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay up.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence.
Does artificial intelligence predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more delivery, or Entrepreneur: during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that cosmic connection between entropy and intelligence intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy and actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Antarctica, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
Surprisingly, Antarctica could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money trade action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of Entrance in action.
Just like a human standing human, here we see Entrepreneur balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Antarctica a goal.
He just decided to balance the post.
This balance ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This tool use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out of opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Entrance can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Antality is widely applicable to a variety of dominations.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of put against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
Here we see Antarctica organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and maintain with successful network connected.
This same network conservation capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Antarctica organizing the routes of a fruit fleet discovering successfully, and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to autonomous defense problems, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Antarctica spontaneously discover and execute a shopping strategy in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its management exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Fiscasses: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behavior as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the term translator, the "survey" work -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion revolution.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then men and trying to move out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control instead of being the back.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask myself, how is it that looking for goals is coming away from this kind of mark?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: Intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points the Earth is only one between the billions of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the ultimate intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In a way, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rock like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this testing of potentially habitable worlds -- our own planet is getting under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, it was the hottest recorded year.
Glamour and ice ice that have been with us for millennia, are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on a global scale have quickly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You might say that I look for alien opportunities in the instant sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets look for the Earth, the more enjoy of our own planet.
Each of these new worlds are invited to a comparison between the world and the planets that we know better."
Let's take our neighbors, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our robots like "The Christian trace its surface in pursuit of the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MRI mission, take samples of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pilots, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain collapse, really extra places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other land planets have a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait for us to save us from this influential self-interest of the only planet that we know is really hands, the Earth.
And so I like opening exploration, I'm deep down with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party really will be place later in the wild boats --  Thank you.
But the goals for the international exploration and the Earth preservation don't focus.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world are strange parasites.
You just find it closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and infinites of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment. Fermin paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked asked asked question: that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to Fermin paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced to consider living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important they are to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colony will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support Mars home for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I used my own house.
And as I was in the front porch looking in my pocket, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a cerebral, at least I had my cell phone, but at the midnight, a cerebral could take a long time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight of Europe in the next morning, and I was wearing my passport and my suitcase of my market.
It would be expensive, but I sure not even more expensive than a middle at the middle of the night, so I thought, even though the circumstances were going to be very good.
I'm a professor, and I know a little bit about how the brain under stress works.
So free crowd that increases heart rhythm, model levels of adrenaline and classification and the thinking.
And when I got to the factor show, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in your place, that prevent bad things.
Or at least, if things happen bad things, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts were not criticized.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanzi, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a prospective reporter.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein who had written this a few years earlier, known as the printer.
Everybody knows what the post-conflict is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the spring, as Danny explained Daniel, you look forward and tries to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, tries to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a print.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to figure out a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory.
There is a structure in the brain called hyperactive, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of the important things, where the fish are, where the fish are -- that underlies fruit trees, where they live the tribes and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is associated in the TVs of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the glasses and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car, reading and password glasses.
So at home they take a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport, a particular crate in particular.
For your reading goggles.
If you pick up a place and you're shocked with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about the travels?
Take with the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, literacy the driver, password, send them down to yourself so that they're in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can actually facilitate the culture.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases curious.
Cortex is toxic.
So part of the prison practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or the future of being loved to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talking about a very particular medical condition.
But this is screaming as a prison for all of medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take of a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit."
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack heart attack, brain deal.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to remind you a drug that will help reduce the colleague, a statistic."
And maybe you've already heard of the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today. It's even likely that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, it records the statistic."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that you have to ask for the most doctors don't want to talk about, and the even less pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical process before they help a person.
And should you think about what kind of descriptive statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't tell me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's scientists like me.
We have not really understood underlying mechanisms.
But the Gibus estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recycled statistics, which is you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is about the research of cynical researchers Jerry Grove and Pamela Harrow, confirmed independently by Burning.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, breast or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of the contract of my colleague.
Why not done, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it is, "Tell me about the side effects. Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things, depressing muscle and artificial pain and artificial pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember, under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how they astropheloned this over time, so they don't have to make the root chain on the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out by the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the statistics.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number is a pretty typical number.
For the surgery, that most of the men are done in the top of 50 -- extraction of cancer, the number needs to be 49 to the number.
So it is, 49 surgeries per person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, are produced in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the Greek discovery, urban income, remote computer, fecal intelligence.
And if you're lucky, and you're one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the print is to think about before time the questions that you can plan to put the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option, a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change from opinion in the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases curious under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
He faces face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the release or immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast. You might get to be the lunch of the lions so that none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those stress moments is the rational logical thought, like Danny Kanzina and his colleagues have shown up.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is to recognize that we are all defense.
We are all going to fail at a time.
The idea is to think of the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help them minimize damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Refer to the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor inspired me a combination of combination next to the door, with a keys of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pink, "Pink is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing substantially.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "Pix on the score, you need to play more gently supermassive.
Two points, even more gentle.
Four point, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a stone tree, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of point there may be a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Asia, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs came during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as Alasa.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in an foreign country, following your rules, costly, behaviors and rules without them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my allies and they amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't really return the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise in eating the bag of the free paper."
"Don't eradicate, and when you're eating, make sure not to bring the covers on the plate."
All of this is called the sound "computer."
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does.
I'm a substantial substance of sound.
And I'm always waiting for neurons the sound, about what is about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TB: I decided to decide.
TBC: So to go on.
TB: So the anti-sea one.
You can see the sin has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and smallpox borders.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Pandemic" at the Asia.
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, to me, I will do this with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that was called attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to distance me more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a steel, it was something from a heart person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be delivered to me and my artistic work, or I could make it up.
I chose that I would be shocked.
There's a massive culture around the language spoken to language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as much as and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers from ALS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for their voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high rate.
If I wouldn't continue this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I was deeply in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note is not able to capture and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very special and highly modeled malaria, which means that subtle changes can affect all meaning as much as the sounds of sound.
I'd like to share with you a piano metaphor, so you understand better how the Asian works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Alasa is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you allocate a different parameters for each finger as you touch the piano -- like the facial expression -- the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while the piano is playing, the English is a linear language, as it would only be a keyboard at a time.
However, the ALS is more like an agreement, you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous form to express a clear concept or an Asian concept.
If only a keyboard would change the chord -- create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and fear and volume.
In Asia, when we use these different gravitational parameters you can express different ideas.
For example, sign "in that."
This is the "disease in that."
I'm watching you.
Look at me.
Oh, I was captured.
TK: Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, based."
So I thought, and if I look at Alasa through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of the day," the sun comes out and gets it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
"All night.
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, 1970: "Down the night:  All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time in Alasa and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one Harver is a hand, two houses -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "I said, "Allian to the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "I had once once."
Common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word common time: I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MG: Right, right hand mission," left hand.
We have the screen through the head and the chest.
(Audience: MRIs, gray grass" -- "Minister Commodity: My grass garracked: I'm going to show you a way of hand called "a flament "feather."
Can you do it with me?
All of us in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head like your chest, something like common time." or at the same time."
Yes, very good.
That means fall in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "college in the Asia.
Now, the third. Please get me again.
And again.
It's "lightness" in the Asia.
Let's do the three together.
"Look, college and "lighting."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they convey very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how Alica is alive and prosperous as the music.
However, today, we live in a very African world.
And just because ALS doesn't have sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start to question what social value defines and allow the ALS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Australia. You don't have to hear to learn music.
The ALS is a terrorist tear and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dan Karlahmennzer: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can put it all, but then you have to clean it up.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocent or a bubble bubble. I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also suggest and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time country, now I'm an adult and teaching city and invention in the Harry Kong school.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage a lot.
So as a good citizen, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but now more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spectacular thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those kinds of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it makes an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a shop.
We started building this work of work with abstract height so that the kids very low can be involved too.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we expect it to work.
And we decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces of plastic will only gather information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call "a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform limits and websites in access and we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "The Instructions: With the hope that somebody else is even better.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem: but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, just using hands, in Sublina, the largest mangrove of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, is the water that they benefit, the water where they fishery -- the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and mud and oil is also brown color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can replace through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We had this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance -- I saw myself forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed various cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear core central to water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fuke radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe aspects -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fuke every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we want to take the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report to the control center, you see the use of different markets.
It might seem that they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radio of their life.
Along with them we discussed the data that we collected that day and talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the intelligence, etc.
And to do this, we created a robotic map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced puzzles to represent real-time data from radiation, and we rock water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and discovered in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition -- the closest to the nuclear core to date.
We zoom up to a half miles away from the nuclear Central Center, and with the aid fishermen of the area we were collecting sea slide sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and we build.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small for it, and we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we converted it into the largest dedicated space to social and environmental impact.
It's in the Hong Kong center and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metaphor, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of possibility, basically, can be built almost there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children are able to become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Academy." Acceleration."
Council Harris: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheels in new electrical vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radio are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, credits, supply we need to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of one single silk cream.
One is synthetic -- the other organic one.
You impose on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the market in fruit, he saw a figure that struggled for being free.
The film was only Milo Angeles.
But living creatures are not circuit.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information to do it for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by rivers of manufacturing and production in mass.
The mountain lines have decided a world made of parts, embracing the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as instant starts with different functions.
But you don't find homeless material installations in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin.
The skin skins are more thick with small jobs.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no instant.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the five and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the installation and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, on his simplest level, is trying to unite these two visions of the world, moving out of the assembly and moving into growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why couldn't this be possible 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they rely four disciplines that offer access to access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old reach with a record base that some day is not very far away to print entire buildings, and graphic microbes made of genetically modified microbes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvent the cell, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each audience is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion depression of Paris with Iran van Hermetrucky. It's like a second skin made from a single piece, rice in the contracts, flexible around the painting.
Together with 3D 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and false 3D without costs between the cells, I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.
The designers have access to this high-tech analytical and synthetic instruments, allows design products to adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time structural and comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes subsidies.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in recording, opportunity and color, correcting the dots of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, varies its functionality not by addiction to another material or another, but vary continuously and deliberately material property.
But is it the ideal nature of ideal?
Are there no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left to me and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she said, "In the third day of Creativity, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit fruit tree.
For that first fruit tree, there was no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit, fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, land made trees with branches and cortex, streets and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would the design look like if objects were made of a single piece of sight?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called cutting, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like shrimp, crabs, sugars and butterflies and blogs.
We think that if we can synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-making structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal margin.  We asked a lot of cards of shrimp, we moved them up and we produced the store of consumption.
Gravity concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties -- from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system built with multiple strangers of reported extra control strangers.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single material three meters long, 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry to find a natural shape of the contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design along?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built out genetically designed bacteria to capture rapidly carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of the short short, and if you blow it even more, to windows.
A fruit fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology, have transformed a structure made of shrimp cards in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed to beat, put them in the sea, feeding marine life, and placed on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The advice for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We were looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computational, manufactured by additive and biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid algorithm, only instead of broadcast precise metals -- they synthesize new biological functions within very small channels.
This field is called methodology.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microbes.
The first is citizenship.
It lives in our oceans and the sweet water tanks.
And the second one, Cold, cold, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One converts light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but design evolution.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help they flow these bacteria and to alter their function of way.
So we started making those channels in the human body, variable the properties of the material on the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis if we wanted more photosynthesis, we had more transparent channels.
This portal digital system, when it gets from one end to another, span 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our intestine deception.
And here it is, as a TED primitive at TED, our first permanent physical channel channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shell said, "We are credible creatures, only half is made."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin and repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows, Adam with software.
This worm capsule, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it metaphors.
The advertising manufacturing is about this level of sophistication about it.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different conditions.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is first in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hurt a code of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest on a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet into the head of a silk worm.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the shoe of the silk worm.
However, by putting the silk worm into a flat patch -- not inside a box, we realized that hire a flat capsule and still metaphorically metaphorically.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the structure of the code, it becomes directly transmitted by the environment.
You often send the silk worms to death inside your caps, your silk stops and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the silk silk without boiling a single code.
They were significantly metabolized and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into more dark and cold areas so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or audiences, to block the rays of light and heat by destroying the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organisms.
We asked 5,000 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were ready to hurt with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom of the cliff, and as they cholera, they crawled, they were shown up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
The biological silk silk on the frozen silk silk -- they give all this pavilion its integrity of it.
And in little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms have 650 miles away.
In a curious symmetry. This is also the length of the silk route.
The pollers, after the electromagnetis, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra painters in the future.
So here are the two visions in the world.
A silk ice through a robotic arm, the other empty arm.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design age, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be from bigger?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked them this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be from bigger?
It's caused them some kind of anxiety whatsoever.
Any anxiety.
I'm someone who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be from bigger?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and killing and art and developed websites -- also, I played the guitar in a punk band called Telescope Fragerbad.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boring, this feeling of boring, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I let myself absorb and I feel "Yes." I have found my mine," and then again this point where I start to get bored in.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all of my other passions, and I was going to get rid of a self-definition.
Another reason I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad about me because I don't define anything.
I was worried about having fear of the commitment, or to be dispersed, or to have my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have stuck then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
What do you want to be from bigger?
We have about five years.
And the truth is that no one cares what you answer that age.
It was considered an naive question to provide nice answers in children like, "It will be anti-a-really or "a dancing or "I want to be paradised."
They come up with the discovery of Hollywood here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, and I went to students in high school to be asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be about bigger?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before to what he takes out of sleep.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire dreaming with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you're trying to maybe be laughing and say, "Oh, what's cute, but you can't be art of rape and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he is artificial of violent and psychological.
And this Amy Nigeria, converted to involvement in illustration, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it is more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real voices, the idea that each of us has something that will be given for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel like this.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplicity.
A multi-making is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a wedding to say.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple and potential and data.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a writer, resistance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sherman refers to us as "seated."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplication as limited or application that you should beat up.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths of being like this.
Here are three multiplicative superpowers here.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
There is Hawai and Rachel Bingest expressed their interests shared in photography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Muslim.
Muslim is a company that creates geographically inspired Jewish.
And Rake and Rachel came up with this unique idea of its ecological skills of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
That's where new ideas are.
And multiplication, with all of their background, can access a lot of these intersections of interest.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowd is interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being primary, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
Many abilities are transferred to other disciplines and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start from zero.
Norden Donah is a full journey and an independent writer.
As a little piano girl perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanical mechanism.
Before it became writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started its practices and this ability to write the conventions to the editors of the editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate what you get to, even if you get it down at the end.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability. That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Card is sometimes director of videos, other pages designer -- sometimes Congol consultant -- sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The magazine Fast Company defines adaptive advertising as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really thrive.
In ideas of ideas, quickly learning and adaptability -- three skills where the multiplication are very hell, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the multi-the to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-to-behind right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the wind knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialists and a multi-to-behind supply.
The specialists can dive deep and put into ideas, and the multi-time offers an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that harmony with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multiple people in large part are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: recovery with the inner calory, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then it's special for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the multiplications in the room, including those who are just realizing to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,   I tell you, acknowledge with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity.
They explore the interactions.
Obviouslying our internal cable leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplication, the world needed us."
Thank you.
In the year 1910, a woman named Australian took it to a psychology in Frank.
It was delighted and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alas.
Alas didn't know how to help Australia, but he was hanging through it until unfortunately, unfortunately, he passed in 1986.
After his death, Alas did an automobile and found strange, extra plates in the Brazil brain, a guy who'd never seen before.
The even more amazing thing.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than Alas gave him 114 years ago.
Alas was Dr. Alas Alexandria.
And Austrolate, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1911, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, a lot of treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for heart and much more.
But a little bit of a progress in Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live up to 85 years or more, the possibility of contracting Alzheimer's will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be dear with Alzheimer's friend.
Just in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars from medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its costs prefer a five times in the year 2050, as you age the generation of the boom bank.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one cannot prevent or cure or even slow their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's less disease, because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer's cancer despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should be, Legos is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last hundred years, all of us, even scientists, trust Alzheimer's disease.
We think it will be sensated in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to deploymented a loss of loss memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused significantly reducing life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and extra elevators in the brain of Australia a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made out of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are peace.
And when you get well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules feel each other, forming groups that can form big plates and events.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like decoupling a bomb.
Covering a cable could do anything.
Cortex can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that I block it, and then create a drug that does.
Until recently, mostly the wires have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generations, chemistry, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. It's now testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see some videos of what happened when they tested these drugs in worms.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they're moving with normal.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have proteins of protein that stand between them inside them, like in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to defeat Alzheimer's we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's one disease, that if we tried, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have learned more research and pressure pressure on governments, drug industry, about scientists and legislators and legislation.
That was essential to move forward in the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too struggled to go out and advocate for change.
So, really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talking for them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing it one night of last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are transported to ask them 36 more and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And just alone?
As it advances, these are more and more personal.
Number 30 -- this really likes me to tell your partner what you get to him or her -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail actually called me the attention that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony lab.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in love and   And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Column Love County a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are they still still still asked."
And the reason I think this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred view as a lot, and those were usually only my friends from Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably get a few thousand views.
And that brings a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it did, I had no idea.
The paper was published online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday had already been called the Top Show and the God Morgan America.
In a month, the paper received over eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with a lot of love experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news --  -- that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always asked the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email with the phrase, "Do you still follow together."
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman shout up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your novel is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the adventure of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have broken life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valenti, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we were both doing a public emergence together.
It was recorded by television interviews, and the orders of pictures of us two.
I think it was afraid to become the incorporated icons.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works, or whether it was able to produce prevalence love, not just an adventure but love, life-changing love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to respond.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, above all, people would ask the wrong question.
How would you know if we would keep together or not, and also say?
If the answer was not, would the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for a foster interrection between college students, using what Aron called Supermental Personality Park, progressive and record.
Sounds romantic sounds, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer to doing it. A number of post-conflict studies also used the rapid Amazon protocol of Aron as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they have used it between people of political policy.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me, "Hey the study and didn't work.
He seemed disconnected by it.
And I said, "Do you want to say that you love the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause of it.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends.
Did you feel that they were getting better at testing the study better?
The asset.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I had 20, which was virtually my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without it.
So I flew in science.
I spent everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of get machine to make a heart maker.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious to it.
I thought that if I was overwhelmed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I just felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or other way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I can reasonably demand to me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to continue to be overwhelmed by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a shape for some way to mitigate some of the implicating risk, and this is a very backward story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask you to ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer from yes or not.
So more than a question, I would argue that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How would you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a knowledge and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fell in, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But you can find this is not the same thing as to stay in love.
Take the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We are in love because we take the choice to be.
And I set up a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that I was supposed to do.
I didn't consider how many times we would have that decision, and the time you have to continue to make that choice without knowing before if I always choose or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, and I chose to love someone so generous and nice and fun and express that choice in the largest day in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe I will spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy ending implicit in the title of my item, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose love someone, and hope that he will love me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some linear legacy and in a way, and I came up with the forest of the forest.
The city of New York City is a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar billion, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excellence and make surgery and all those weird things, and I was doing a color for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I ran all the pages and I ran all the pages and I made a kind of card cell at the Agile Mars, and I covered them in resin, and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother has fear of bees and it's allergic to them, so I add more resistant on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like the size of size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying line.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow the tracks -- I can draw the same thing that you do around a card on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own texture of invented.
First, bottles, that you can do an idea.
And then I made some strange insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the reserve layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Schwinia.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dying.
I didn't know what to do, because the retina was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window and then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that would form a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big, I call "completely."
For the "shortage of the Department of Dead Heatharing Decembers, which is a painting at the Project Museum in Spain.
You know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the traditional triplet." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the localities.
There's a cave where all these animals with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the animals with animals are headed to the factory, ready to suicide in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god.
Billy Graham is in the sea, El Horing -- the percepture platform of the dead plant -- Wall bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a medical.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he shows oil in a hand while the other hand is coming out of the other hand.
Their hands are like balloons and it looks like a mythological that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the tradition."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a tragedy, like a bird pick, and you get clouds of this tragedy.
It also has a 150 feet long, a sub-Saharan tail that unites the tradition."
And anyway, his tail is first fired by a volcano anyway.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a crash hidden balloon made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were made in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very ahead of their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one called "PMS?
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines or magazine.
But each act as a kind of archive in the form of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the same time.
They're like cells, they come together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or non-sea, or whatever it has, a kind of anti-sea thing.
It's a quick waste of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body part in half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue there.
There's a little forest scene inside of the touch quality.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pennsylvania Works.
Within this box there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter -- a museum, a school, an editorial arm that drives all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
Let's look at the box and all the people in front of each other like particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box is living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together on this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with population and generally all are going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hit your head?
Take a paraly.
But so that this pill has an effect on pain, first passes through the stomach, the interest and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and an environmental system so that any drug goes into the body.
The disaster, though, is that when you bring it out any drug is diagnosed.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the TED cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time that they tend to get to the blood currents, they are dilected, and worse even for the time they take to their fate, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph galaxies, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is innovative and not easily in the blood smile of the patients that are being used to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment with current drugs that are a life treatment in the way that is ordered by order.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the depression of the virus, without the risk of diagnostics of drugs?"
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the leaders, of course.
If you're used in physicist, for the care of the heroints and surgery of diabetes, you can use for anything that you can imagine, including the extracellular transport of drugs.
In fact, we are already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people say, "How is that possible?
We sent a little laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately replaced.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Peters plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask questions.
Well, the answer is, through a three-wheel device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to do an increase in the information site.
The second head, which is a camera, is leading to the infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the infection site, whereas the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of every HIV researcher in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying the non-state groups, arms organizations like terrorists, insulin or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not slowing.
My goal is to better understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation to the transition.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a stage between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 260 percentages of peace signed between 1975 and 2011, 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we should understand these groups, even we should be involved or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
And the armed struggle and political struggle are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Huhadoo Liberats, known for his violent face against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, Hello has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinian known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also manage the Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multiplicative.
They establish a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the Israeli magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex recovery of funding and non-lethal businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
Architecting groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, put professional training programs or microbial training programs.
Hello offers all these services and more.
armed groups are also trying to conquer population offering something that state is not bright, security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped by the war or even the beginning of the Israeli assistant, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 is not able to understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hydropleged.
They grow because they fill out gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving government.
And the more complex and more sophisticated and sophisticated these organizations are these organizations, less we can do it as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Huhaid?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all of their functions -- pick up the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebuilding group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Israeli?
The lines display.
We live in a world of states and nations without state and hydrogen, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that governance of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish the peace.
If we better understand armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, the military power can win some battle, but not giving peace or stability.
In order to achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are seen, but I fear that accepting "member of "emission" would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I put it up like a bad feminist of me.
Or at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Female and then in interviews, people started calling me the Male Female.
So what started as a personal joke demonstrated to myself, and a deliberate production, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and when I was 20 years old, I had strange ideas about feminists, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the people when they were trying to be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accuse, a taboo and delicate word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which asks too much automatic and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebellious woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and so proud to be.
For me, certain claims are infrartaneous: women are equal to men.
Let's deserve the same subtle for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have a right to use and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evening documents.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have this differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another conference.
When I drove to work, I hear rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded the women and straight me deeply, the classic Salt Shadi of the yin Jane Twitts is amazing.
Do it with your steel shirt.
Period, give you the concert to you."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely marketed by my musical listens.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the car carriage, the care of the grass and the machinery maintenance of the machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Baker and the romantic comedy -- and I have abstract fantasies of the fairy stories that are actually made.
Some of my crimes are more declared.
If a woman wants to adopt the legacy of his husband, it's its election, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solved this problem.
It records conventional feminism that has ignored or devastated the needs of women's women, the workers and gay and transparency, to favor of white women, heroined, middle class and high class.
Listen to, if that's good feminist -- I'm a very bad feminist for you.
The following: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist feedback in a fish.
We hope that they go to perfect people.
When they detect us, we would get them very much from the same fish where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I think I'm dear from that fish before they try to get me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders are afraid of being labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminist for fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not being able to do with the expectant expectations.
Let's take for example to Benjamin, or like I call her, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the Muslim Museum Adams of 2014, at MRI, he agreed in front of the word "emergency of three meters high.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this star star to open up the feminist and make women know the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
So the time, cultural critics started to start debate whether Benjamin was or not precisely feminist.
They catched their feminism, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminism, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so conservating so much.
We go far beyond the sensitive and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy it until it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist -- or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperatives to realize, going to action and a little bit more brave.
If I hear design music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we remove change effectively to their profits.
It certainly is hard.
Why does his music have to be so peace?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant and so brave.
Where it comes to the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is visualized as a much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as sports as sports as the sports of Topile.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates like boat sacrifices.
In any case, the men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include an enough number of women, so much to participate like to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supervised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also remind ourselves to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision making.
Because we are not less people. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these small acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, to people in power and music producers and music, CEOs, the legislators -- people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim with our feminism -- well, bad, or any reduction.
The last line of my book "The Female Female says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I mean, above all, because I put my voice back to me and the feminist helped me get it out.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated like it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
And they stole my voice, and after all, I don't dare believe that something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with that I went back to write.
It turned me into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism -- I also found that if I was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need to have such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 132 children in California had been measles.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, affecting over 100 children in County.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed to be such a worst thing: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that sparked the policy of autism and department and declared and marked and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Jobstum?
Does it not believe most intelligent scientists that the vaccine that vaccines cause autism is a stupid?
I think most of you know it, but millions of fathers around the world are still afraid that vaccines are putting their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the extinctions of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard of her would create all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the estimates of prevalence remained just three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to explode.
Recording organizations like autism Spains are actually referred to autism as an epidemic as if I could get rid of another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases as a amputation of amazing diagnostic and "A better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two years, the visual contact of the eye.
If the diagnostic criteria had to wonder, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism as hard to find before the 1990 decade of the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than to do with slow progress and capital that with the self-relevant power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with an infant psychiatrist -- Leo Kenya, from the hospital Johns Hopkins in 1943, Kennedy published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds, by giving people to the people around them, even to their own parents.
They could be fun for hours waving their hands to their faces, but they were prey of the panic for the assessments as when their favorite toy was not placed in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic -- Kennedy speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a main authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome, while collecting references of as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprisingly, because the criteria of Kennedy for autism diagnosis were very respect.
For example, it would take that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
Once he became a pack that he had become nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kennedy was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not closed.
It classified autism as a form of child psychosis, caused by cold and declared parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kennedy noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that fit in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symptoms before they turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beer behind."
But Kennedy had a bad opinion of these skills, by saying things like children were just recovering what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
And amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kannachual that autism was weird.
Korea Winner, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of novel mothers from Kennedy was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and affection, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sussme.
Korea and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sushi without support services, without special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend in the National Service, of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Korea and his colleague Judith God decided to do something that was about 30 years before.
They made a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They painted a London suburb called Christmas to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kennedy model was too limited -- because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children could not speak at all, whereas others were embedded in their fascination for astronomical, in dinosaurs or in the general generation.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and seeked squares as Judi said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kennedy would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived from these children before?
But then Korea found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kennedy article, and then she forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kennedy knew about this article of competition, but he avoided the spread of her own work.
It wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the Hurrican husband was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
Her author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs a clinic integrated with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children with learning differences were produced even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with a kind of exercise with music, and children followed their games.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a personal disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Spring called them their little teachers, and he was dedicated to help in the development of methods of education that were especially right to them.
Finally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that was able to put a surprising variety of gifts, and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in archeties known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, for success in science and art, a little bit of autism is essential.
Korea and Judy discovered that Kennedy was wrong in which autism was infected, as well as the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychiatric to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autism spectrum."
By the end of the 1980s and early '90s, their changes came into video, suicide the limited model of Kennedy by a wide and even Asperger model.
These changes didn't fall in broken sacrifice.
Clearly, when Norway and Judy worked between beats to reform these criteria, people from around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Rainobother Man was coming out in 1988, just a little circle, locked by experts knew what the autism, but after the fundamental performance of Dustin Harvard like Ray Babbage, and Red Man with four prizes of Academy, pediatricians, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what was autism.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
Random Man combination of the criteria and the introduction of these evidence created a network effect, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostic started to get up, like Poetry and Judan, actually hoped that it was going to be able to get people with autism and their families finally to get the support and the services that were deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, and solving story as bad as the Nanopatch theory that autism was incredibly.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for the new medical advances -- going to the term neuroscience to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand the neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily different, obsessed by an obsession of attention to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger's who believed that the cure for the most intriguing aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in their children's potential.
A autistic woman named Zoogle Zackers once said, "We need all the hands in cover to address the boat of humanity."
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste not a brain.
Thank you.
